Indonesia consists only of islands - 13,667 total
During World War II, the very first bomb dropped on Berlin by the Allies killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo
People who ride on roller coasters have a higher chance of having a blood clot in the brain
The tallest freestanding sculpture in the world is Chief Crazy Horse in South Dakota, USA
Marie Curie, the Nobel prize winning scientist who discovered radium, died of radiation poisoning
898 tornadoes were recorded to have occurred in the United States in the year 2000.
The word Popcorn is derived from the middle English word "poppe," which means "explosive sound"
The food that is digested in your stomach is called "chyme."
Alcohol beverages have all 13 minerals necessary for human life
The sentence "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog." uses everyletter in the alphabet. (Developed by Western Union to Test telex/twxcommunications)
The word housekeeping was invented by Shakespeare
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sportsgames (MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL) are the day before and the day after theMajorLeague All-Star Game.
In the great fire of London in 1666 half of London was burnt down but only 6 people were injured
Lack of sleep can affect your immune system and reduce your ability to fight infections
All dogs are the descendant of the wolf. These wolves lived in eastern Asia about 15,000 years ago
It is not possible to tickle yourself. The cerebellum, a part of the brain, warns the rest of the brain that you are about to tickle yourself. Since your brain knows this, it ignores the resulting sensation
Parma ham is only Parma ham if it is made in the Parma region of Italy. The British chain supermarket Asda, made and packaged its own "Parma ham" and was successfully sued by the real Parma ham people (Parma Ham Trade Association)
With winds of 50 miles per hour, The Statue of Liberty sways three inches and the torch sways five inches
A famous bullfighter, Lagarijo, killed 4,867 bulls in the 19th century.
Police detectives have used snapping turtles to help them locate dead bodies
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10
The national sport of Japan is sumo wrestling
The early occurrence of a fetus yawning is at eleven weeks after conception
In a month, a fingernail grows an eighth of an inch
Edward VIII did not officially become the King of England as he abdicated the throne to marry an American divorcee
The book "Little Red Riding Hood" was banned in 1990 by two school districts in California. They did this because in the book there was a picture of a basket that had a bottle of wine in it
The reason why golf balls have dimples on them is because it helps in the ball to move a farther distance by reducing drag
Americans consume the most peanut butter in the world
Celtic warriors sometimes fought their battles naked, their bodies dyed blue from head to toe
To make butter more attractive in colour, carrot juice was used by people in the Middle Ages
Early hockey games allowed as many as 30 players a side on the ice
Most fleas do not live past a year old
It takes seven to ten days to make a jelly belly jellybean
Some asteroids have other asteroids orbiting them
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the males head off
There is enough concrete in the Hoover Dam to pave a two lane highway from San Francisco to New York
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day
Every 238 years, the orbits of Neptune and Pluto change making Neptune at times the farthest planet from the sun
There is a certain species of kangaroo that is only 2.5 centimetres long when it is born
In a lifetime, the average house cat spends approximately 10,950 hours purring
The real name of Toto the dog in "The Wizard Of Oz" was Terry
Stannous fluoride, which is the cavity fighter found in toothpaste is made from recycled tin
It takes 12 honeybees to make one teaspoon of honey
Thomas Watson, who was the chairman of IBM in 1943 predicted that their would probably only be a world market for five computers.
The largest hamburger cooked in the world weighed in at 6,040 pounds
The first lighthouse was in Alexandria in 290 B.C
Heinz first started making ketchup in 1876 and the recipe has remained the same ever since
The largest wedding chapel in Las Vegas is the Viva Las Vegas Chapel, which can seat 100 people
The most popular name for a pet in the United States is Max
Spiral staircases in medieval castles are running clockwise. This is because all knights used to be right-handed. When the intruding army would climb the stairs they would not be able to use their right hand which was holding the sword because of the difficulties of climbing the stairs. Left-handed knights would have had no troubles, except left-handed people could never become knights because it was assumed that they were descendants of the devil
The largest shopping mall in the world is the West Edmonton Mall located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
The CN Tower located in Toronto, Ontario Canada took a total construction time of 40 months to complete at an original cost of $63 million
The 20th president of the United States, James Garfield, was able to write Greek with one hand and Latin with the other at the same time
The country of Andorra has a zero percent unemployment rate
In Los Angeles, there are fewer people than there are automobiles
A woman has approximately 4.5 litres of blood in her body, while men have 5.6 litres
In India, pickled ginger, minced mutton and a cottage cheese like substance are popular pizza toppings
Oral-B were the first toothbrushes to go to the moon when they were aboard the Apollo 11 mission
A maple tree is usually tapped when the tree is at least 45 years old and has a diameter of 12 inches
In 1998, a law passed in the U.S. state of Virginia allows drivers to keep their road kill, as long as they report it within 12 hours. updated
A language becomes extinct in this world every two weeks
An acre of trees can remove about 13 tons of dust and gases every year from the surrounding environment
The decomposition point of Olive Oil is 220 degrees Celsius
Ten radishes only contain eight calories
Annually a thousand people are killed by scorpions in Mexico
Every year, 100 million sharks are killed by people
Tug of war was an Olympic event from 1900-1920
Of all the countries, Brazil has the most plant species, with over 56,000
One female mouse can produce up to 100 babies a year
Impotence is grounds for divorce in 26 U.S. states
Women who are romance novel readers are reported to make love 74% more often with their partners than women who do not read romance novels.
The average lifespan of a human taste bud is ten days
The monogram "RR" for Rolls-Royce has never been altered, except for when Sir Henry Royce passed away in 1933. Then it was changed from red to black.
People with darker skin will not wrinkle as fast as people with lighter skin
Fido means faithful in Latin
Pebbles cereal was actually named after the shape of the cereal and not the Pebbles Flintstone character
A group of kangaroos is called a mob
Cat's urine glows under a blacklight.
Every three seconds, a new baby is born
More than 260,000 people have been killed by volcanic activity since 1700 AD.
The only predator that polar bears have are humans
Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight
The last land battle of the U.S. Civil War was fought in Texas
Annually 7 million tons of textiles and clothing is thrown out. Out of this, only 12% is used again or recycled
A scorpion can have up to 12 eyes
A snake charmer in Bangladesh once found 3,500 poisonous cobras and their eggs hidden underneath the floors of two suburban homes
The IRS employees tax manual has instructions for collecting taxes after a nuclear war
There are approximately fifty Bibles sold each minute across the world
The pectin that is found in apples aids in lowering cholesterol levels
Post-It Notes, which are adhesive notes, were invented while looking for a way to improve the acrylate adhesive found in tapes
Crayola Crayons currently has over 120 different crayon colours
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth
The width of a tornado can range from less than ten yards to more than a mile.
In Johannesburg, the average car will be involved in an accident once every four years.
The youngest actress to be nominated as best actress is Keisha Castle-Hughes who was nominated at just 13 years old
The Taj Mahal was actually built for use as a tomb
According to studies, an average roll of toilet paper lasts about five days in the bathroom
Almonds are members of the peach family
The oldest known disease in the world is leprosy
A fall of 30 feet can be survived my most cats
The largest member of the dolphin family are orcas
In 1477, the first diamond engagement ring was given to Mary of Burgundy by Archduke Maximillian of Austria
The hormone replacement drug "Premarin" is made from the urine of pregnant horses
TWIX Caramel Cookie Bars were first introduced in 1979
Nintendo was first establish in 1889 and they started out making special playing cards
People over the age of fifty will start to lose their dislike for foods that taste bitter
In Kentucky, 50 percent of the people who get married for the first time are teenagers
Elephants have been known to learn up to 60 commands
On average 1,668 gallons of water are used by each person in the United States daily
Copper is the second most used metal in the world.
Milton Bradley originally wanted to name the game Twister, Pretzel; but he could not since the name was copyrighted
According to studies, men prefer to have white bedrooms and women prefer to have blue bedrooms
If someone was to fly once around the surface of the moon, it would be equal to a round trip from New York to London
St. Patrick never really drove out any snakes from Ireland. This story was an analogy of how he drove paganism out of Ireland
Fat is important for the development of children and normal growth
The most common seasonings found in American homes are chili powder, cinnamon, and seasoned salts
People who have eaten beetles say that it tastes like apples
Montreal was named after a local mountain "Mont Royal."
Millie the White House dog earned more than 4 times as much as President Bush in 1991. And, rightfully so
In an average lifetime, a person will spend 4 years travelling in an automobile and six months waiting at a red light.
A small drip from a faucet can waste up to 50 gallons of water daily, which is enough water to run a dishwasher twice on a full cycle
Kotex was first manufactured as bandages, during W.W.I
The longest Monopoly game ever played was 1,680 hours long, which is seventy straight days
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C
Over 1,600 people in North America have been victims of trunk entrapment (being locked inside of a car trunk)
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair
In 1992, when EuroDisney first opened in France, the public beat some of the park characters because at the time most people had been against the park being built
A jiffy is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second. Thus the saying, I will be there in a jiffy.
There is a muppet named Kami that appears on the South African version of the T.V. show "Sesame Street" that is HIV-positive
There are approximately one hundred million people in the United States that have a chronic illness
The oldest working Post Office in the world is located in the village of Sanquer, located in the Scottish Lowlands. It has been operating since 1712
Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church
Approximately three jars of peanut butter are sold every second
In Australia, the average person uses 876 gallons of water daily. In Switzerland they use only 77 gallons of water per person daily
Every person has a unique tongue print
Hair will fall out faster on a person that is on a crash diet
In 1890, there was no sunshine for the whole month of December in Westminster in London.
Charles Darwin spent 39 years studying earthworms
The Boeing 737 is nicknamed the Fat Albert
Florida has twice as many lightning injuries and deaths than any other state
Chocolate can be fatal to dogs. Chocolate contains a chemical theobromine, which is poisonous to dogs
In China, there is a species of yam that is used to make a dye
Annually, approximately 46 millions Cokes, five million pounds of french fries, and seven million hamburgers are consumed at Walt Disney World Resort
The Chihuahua Desert is the largest desert in North America, and is over 200,000 square miles
Every continent begins and ends in the same letter. eg AfricA, EuropE
Baseball games between college teams have been played since the Civil War
The real name of actress Whoopi Goldberg is Caryn Elaine Johnson
Researches have discovered that eating five or more apples a week is linked to better functioning of the lungs
Boeing completed more than 15,000 hours of wind-tunnel testing on the first 747
The most popular ethnic food in the United States is Italian food
Parts of the Dead Sea Scrolls appeared for sale in the June 1, 1954 issue of the Wall Street Journal
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction
The YKK that you see on zippers stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushiki Kaisha which is the name of the founder of the zipper manufacturing company in Japan
The theme song of the Harlem Globetrotters is "Sweet Georgia Brown."
27% of female lottery winners hid their winning ticket in their bras
To lose one pound of fat, a person has to burn approximately 3,500 calories
In 1969, the American side of Niagara Falls was stopped completely for several months
The name for insect poop is frass
A can of Pepsi has 41 grams of sugar. This amount to about seven teaspoons of sugar
Montreal is actually located on an island
There are over 2,000 species of butterflies in the rainforests of South America
The world record for the number of body piercings on one individual is 702, which is held by Canadian Brent Moffat
Before toilet paper was invented, French royalty wiped their bottoms with fine linen
The earliest known example of an organized market for equities dates from Rome, second century B.C
There are over 2,000 different species of cactuses
Each day 400 gallons of recycled blood are pumped through the kidneys
Ten percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale ofvodka.
Apples, not caffeine, are more efficient at waking you up in the morning
Bananas were discovered by Alexander the Great in 327 B.C. when he conquered India
Levan, which is located in Utah, got its name from "navel" which is levan spelt backwards. It was named this because it is in the center of Utah
Approximately one out of four injuries by athletes involve the wrist and hand
Former U.S. President Abraham Lincoln suffered a nervous breakdown in 1836
Musk is extracted from the bottom of a civet, and is used as an ingredient to make perfumes.
The first human heart transplant happened on December 3, 1967. Unfortunately the patient only lived for eighteen days, succumbing in the end to pneumonia
In New York City there are 6,374.6 miles of streets
The sound made by the Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe is so loud that it can be heard 40 miles away
Ancient Egyptians used to think having facial hair was an indication of personal neglect
In Czechhoslovakia, there is a church that has a chandelier made of human bones
The largest hotel in the world is the MGM Grand, which has 5,034 rooms and is located in Las Vegas, Nevada
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets
The fleshy bulbs on each side of your nose are called the Alea (AY-lee) singular Ala (AY-luh)
Male koalas mark their territory by rubbing their chests on a tree. Male koalas have a dark scent gland in the middle of their chest
An octopus has three hearts
Roses generally need around 6 hours of sunlight to grow properly.
Buttermilk does not contain any butter, but is a cultured milk product which is usually made from fat free milk
Pineapples were first called "anana", which is Caribbean for "excellent fruit."
Human birth control pills work on gorillas
The tallest woman that ever lived was Zeng Jinlian who was 8 feet 2 inches tall of China. Shed died at the age of 17
An adult "Gold Frog" measures to be 9.8 millimeters in body length
Each day, anywhere from 35-150 species of life go extinct
Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the telephone, never telephoned his wife or mother because they were both deaf
Alexander the Great made his troops eat onions as he believed it would prove their vitality
Bill Russell was the first black head coach of a major league pro sports team
In 1945, a seven ounce bathroom cup was the first item Tupperware marketed
Central air conditioners use 98% more energy than ceiling fans.
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better
Everyday, U.S. business use enough paper to circle the Earth over 20 times
The Welwitschia plant can live up to 1,000 years
The dromedary camel can drink as much as 100 litres of water in just 10 minutes
According to the American Institute of Stress, job stress approximately costs the U.S. industry over $300 billion dollars per year
It takes 72 minutes for the restaurant at the top of the CN Tower to make one revolution
Coffee beans were chewed for more than 400 years before the first cup of coffee was brewed
All of the Peking ducks in the United States are descendents from three ducks and one drake imported to Long Island, New York in 1873
The first British ship to use the SOS distress signal was the Titanic
The Spring peeper (a frog) can survive the winter season with 65% of its body water as ice
Studies have shown that the scent of Rosemary can help in better mental performance and make individuals feel more alert
The search engine Google got its name from the word "googol," which refers to the number one with a hundred zeros after it
The Goliath beetle is about the size of your fist and can weigh as much as 3-4 ounces
If you fart consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create explosion that is equal to an atomic bomb
Humans have about the same number of hair follicles as a chimpanzee has
Studies indicate that listening to music is good for digestion
The Chihuahua was named after the Mexican state where they were discovered
There are no snakes in New Zealand
The most popular grown bulbs are tulips
Every day the human stomach produces about 2 liters of hydrochloric acid
The country of Bolivia is named after a fighter Simon Bolivar
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite
The first state to give the right to women to vote was Wyoming
In 1949 UNICEF produced the first charity Christmas card. The picture shown on the card was painted by a seven year old girl
Archeologists report that cannabis was most likely the first plant cultivated by humans. Cannabis was used for linen, paper, and garments
The garfish has green bones
Women who drink more than two cups of coffee a day have a higher chance of developing osteoporosis
The banana was officially introduced in 1876 in the U.S. at the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition. The bananas were wrapped in tinfoil and were sold for 10 cents each
A yawn usually lasts for approximately six seconds
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married
The food that people crave the most is cheese
Every day more money is printed for Monopoly than the US Treasury
The only animal, besides humans that can get leprosy is the Armadillo
In 1894, the carnival made its debut in North America
The artist Vincent Van Gogh sliced part of his ear off in madness
According to Scientists, vampire bat saliva is the best known medicine for keeping blood from clotting.
People from North America prefer pickles with warts, where as Europeans prefer pickles with no warts
People that suffer from gum disease are twice as likely to have a stroke or heart attack
Close to 50% of the water used in a home originates from the bathroom
After the Krakatoa volcano eruption in 1883 in Indonesia, many people reported that, because of the dust, the sunset appeared green and the moon blue. The moon was said to appear blue for almost two years.
The country with the highest consumption of chocolate per capita is Switzerland, with 22 pounds per person, per year
In China, September 20 is "Love Your Teeth Day."
Actor Richard Gere was considered to play the role of John McClane in the movie Die Hard. Bruce Willis played the part instead
The record for the world?s worst drivers is a toss-up between two candidates: First, a 75-year-old man who received 10 traffic tickets, drove on the wrong side of the road four times, committed four hit-and-run offenses, and caused six accidents, all within 20 minutes on October 15, 1966. Second, a 62-year-old woman who failed her driving test 40 times before passing it in August, 1970 (by that time, she had spent over $700 in lessons, and could no longer afford to buy a car)
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur
Left-handed people are better at sports that require good spatial judgment and fast reaction, compared to right-handed individuals
Half of a cup of figs will give you just as much calcium as half a cup of milk
A "hairbreadth away" is 1/48 of an inch
In 1281, the Mongol army of Kublai Khan tried to invade Japan but were ravaged by a hurricane that destroyed their fleet
Walt Disney was afraid of mice
Studies show that couples that smoke during the time of conception have a higher chance of having a girl compared to couples that do not smoke
The reason why some people get a cowlick is because the growth of their hair is in a spiral pattern, which causes the hair to either stand straight up, or goes to a certain angle
Approximately 50% of Americans admit they have ran a red light
In 1755, the first Canadian post office opened in Halifax, Nova Scotia. The fist Deputy Postmaster General was American inventor Benjamin Franklin who was later dismissed for sympathizing with the American revolutionary cause
Reno, Nevada is west of Los Angeles, California.
On average, 90% of the people that have the disease Lupus are female
Unlike other four legged mammals, kangaroos cannot walk backwards
The itch from a mosquito bite can be soothed by cutting open a clove of garlic and rubbing it on the bite
If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar
Most American car horns honk in the key of F
A superstition in baseball is to never lend your bat to anyone or you will be jinxed
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave
Penguins can jump as high as 6 feet in the air
In 1998, approximately 1.6 billion tree seedlings were planted in the United States. This amounts to about five trees per American
There are species of fish that can walk on land in search of water when its water source dries up. Some can survive as long as three days on land such as the snakehead fish
Racecar driver Lee Petty once left a pitstop and did a full lap at Nascar with a pit crew member still on the hood
The first fashion house to be set up was in 1858 by Charles Worth. He opened his store in Paris with the idea of having pre-made gowns presented on models to his customers
St. Patrick explained the Holy Trinity to King Laoghaire, using the shamrock to illustrate the trinity
More twins are born in the Western world than in the Eastern world
Nine egg yolks have been found in one chicken egg
The record for the longest Monopoly game played in a bathtub is ninety-nine hours
The flea can jump 350 times its body length, that is like a 6 foot-tall human jumping the length of 7 football fields
The 1988 move "Big" which was directed by Penny Marshall was the first movie by a female director to gross over $100 million domestically
When the Galileo Probe entered Jupiter's atmosphere, it was traveling at a speed of 106,000 miles per hour. This is the fastest impact speed ever achieved by a man-made object.
In 1972, a gorilla by the name of "Koko" was taught ASL (American Sign Language) for the deaf. By the year 2000, the gorilla could understand approximately 2,000 English words
3000 children die every day in Africa because of malaria
The reason why hair turns gray as we age is because the pigment cells in the hair follicle start to die, which is responsible for producing "melanin" which gives the hair colour
Approximately 125 people die in the United States from an anaphylaxis to foods each year
The word "vamp" is used to describe the upper front top of a shoe
Construction on the White House began in October of 1792
A galactic year is 250 million Earth-years. This is the time it takes for our solar system to make one revolution around the Milky Way Galaxy.
Leonardo da Vinci was dyslexic, and he often wrote backwards
The male platypus has poisonous spurs on its legs
Polar bears can smell seal from 20 miles away
Canadians Scott Abbott and Chris Haney invented Trivial Pursuit. They were planning on playing Scrabble and realized that some of the pieces were missing so they came up with the idea of making their own game; Trivial Pursuit
On average, there is about three molecules of ozone for every 10 million air molecules.
A person uses approximately fifty-seven sheets of toilet paper each day
The Barbie doll has more than 80 careers
James Buchanan was the only unmarried president of the United States
The Stanley Cup originally was only seven and a half inches high
In 1991, during an attempted political coup on Russian President Boris Yelstin, food supplies had dwindled down at the parliament buildings so they ordered Pizza Hut to deliver pizzas
Some people drink the urine of pregnant women to build up their immune system
The five Olympic rings represent the five continents linked together in friendship
Ray Kroc bought McDonalds for $2.7 million in 1961 from the McDonald brothers
It is possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs
Shark cartilage has been used to make artificial skin for human burn victims
The first person to die in the electric chair was William Kemmler, an ax murderer from New York on August 6, 1890
Finland has 187,888 lakes and 179,584 islands
The average adult has approximately six pounds of skin
A crocodile can open and close its jaw but cannot move it side to side
There are over 1,000,000 swimming pools in Florida, eventhough the ocean is no farther than 80 miles away
99% of the blueberries that are produced in the United States are produced in the state of Maine
On May 9, 1999 approximately 600,000 gallons of whiskey flowed into the Kentucky River during a fire at Wild Turkey Distillery in Lawrenceburg
Thomas Jefferson had three achievements placed on his headstone at his request, "Here Was Buried Thomas Jefferson/Author Of The Declaration Of American Independence/Of The Statute Of Virginia For Religious Freedom/And Father Of The University of Virginia.? He never mentioned being President of the United States
Humans and cows have the same gestation period, which is about nine months
In the Victoria era, red tulips were a declaration of love
The sport Lacrosse was initially played by Native American Indians. They played the sport to prepare for war
It takes a sloth up to six days to digest the food it eats
According to Scandinavian traditions, if a boy and girl eat from the same loaf of bread, they are bound to fall in love
In 1796, Napoleon was only 26 years old when he took command of the French Army of Italy
A bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed every animal in the Berlin Zoo except the elephant, which escaped and roamed the city. When a Russian commander saw hungry Germans chasing the elephant and trying to kill it, he ordered his troops to protect it and shoot anyone who tried to kill it
The expression "Tying the Knot" comes from an old Roman custom where the brides clothes were tied up all in knots and the groom was supposed to untie the knots
Snake is a delicacy in China
In 1999, All Nippon Airlines, had one of its jets fully decorated with Pokemon characters from nose to tail on its exterior
The Dead Sea has been sinking for last several years
Uranus has 27 moons
Actress Sally Field was paid $4,000 a week for her role in the TV show The Flying Nun
More pollution is emitted from the average home compared to the average car.
The snow leopard protects itself from extreme cold when it sleeps by wrapping its 3-foot-long tail around its nose
Only 4% of babies are born on their actual due date
In the 1940s, the FCC assigned television's Channel 1 to mobile Services(two-way radios in taxicabs, for instance) but did not re-number theotherchannel assignments. That is why your TV set has channels 2 and up, butnochannel 1.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for approximately sixty-nine years
There are more Subway restaurants in Canada than there are McDonald restaurants
The CN Tower, in Toronto, is the tallest freestanding structure in the world with a height of about 553 metres
The term "the whole 9 yards" came from W.W.II fighter pilots in the South Pacific. When arming their airplanes on the ground, the .50 caliber machine gun ammo belts measured exactly 27 feet, before being loaded into the fuselage. If the pilots fired all their ammo at a target, it got "the whole 9 yards."
Construction on the Leaning Tower of Pisa began on August 9th, 1173
President Lyndon Johnson used to smoke three packs of cigarettes a day
The Tibetan name for Mount Everest is Chomolungma
The word "laser" stands for "Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission by radiation."
In a lifetime, on average a honey bee produces 1/12th of a teaspoon of honey
There are 315 species of parrot in the world
The TV show Doctor Who, when it was popular, had an audience of 110 million people
The cost to build the Empire State Building was $40,948,900
A person who smokes a pack of cigarettes a day will on average lose two teeth every ten years
Wasps that feed on ferment occasionally get drunk and pass out
The largest cereal company in the world is Quaker Oats, located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, USA
The first Olympic games only had one event - a foot race
Colonel Sanders traveled over 250,000 miles a year visiting various parts of his Kentucky Fried Chicken Empire
Some desert snails have been known to sleep for three to four years
Over 80% of the brain is water
From the age of thirty, humans gradually begin to shrink in size
Jackrabbits can reach a speed of fifty miles per hour and can leap as far as twenty feet
There are 40 official jelly belly flavours
Early sewing machines were destroyed by mobs or workers who felt their jobs were threatened by automation
In 1992, the Antarctic Ozone hole was larger than the continent of North America.
Someone gets divorced every ten to thirteen seconds
There is a certain type of Hawk Moth caterpillar from Brazil that inflates its thorax, which makes its head look like a head of a snake when it feels it is in danger or alarmed
The CIA has made a disk camera that is as big as a quarter. This gadget can take many pictures at a time when the disk is opened.
The Sanskrit word for "war" means "desire for more cows."
In Hong Kong, delivery times are primarily influenced by traffic conditions on elevators. It often takes drivers longer to travel vertically than horizontally, as access to elevators is so congested during "high peak" hours. This is due to the volume of people residing in high rises
The ancient Greeks had a fascination with the planet Mars. They attributed the planet to Ares, their god of war, because of its red colour
The only lizard that has a voice is the Gecko
In Israel, religious law forbids picking your nose on Sabbath
In twins, there is a great chance that one will be left handed
In the 1920's, Q-Tips were invented by Leo Gerstenzang who got the idea after watching his wife clean their baby's ears with cotton stuck onto a toothpick.
In the Pacific Islands when people get burns they often use a banana leaf as treatment
Acorns were used as a coffee substitute during the American Civil War
An airplane mechanic invented Slinky while he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use for the springs. Barbie was invented by Ruth Handler after watching her daughter play with baby dolls imagining then in grown up roles
When the female grasshopper lays eggs, she covers her eggs with a pasty liquid that protects the eggs throughout the winter
The longest recorded duration of a total solar eclipse was 7.5 minutes.
On average, an American makes three pounds of garbage in a day
Even if you eat food standing on your head, the food will still end up in your stomach
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed
Apple seeds are poisonous as they contain a cyanide compound
The word breakfast was coined due to the fact that after sleeping for hours, we are "breaking our fast."
The cardigan was originally made to be a military jacket made of knitted wool
The month of December is the most popular month for weddings in the Philippines
The deepest cave in the world is the "Lamprechtsofen-Vogelshacht" cave which can be found in Salzburg, Austria. The cave is 5,354 feet deep
The capital of Vermont, Montpelier is the only state capital in the United States that does not have a McDonalds
The longest engagement lasted 67 years, and the couple ended up marrying when they were 82 years old
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears. never stop growing
Milk and cheese can aid in the reduction of tooth decay
On average, a strawberry has 200 seeds on it
Coconuts kill more people in the world than sharks do
The average person spends two weeks of their life kissing
Research has indicated that indoor pollution is 10 times more toxic than outdoor pollution
Eating a banana at night can help in falling asleep
The stapler was invented in Spring Valley, Minnesota.
The first television newscaster was Kolin Hager, who used to broadcast farm and weather reports in 1928
Pixie, a Siberian Husky, gave birth to 7 puppies, one of which was bright green
Back in 1953, it took 27 hours to make one Marshmallow Peep. Now it takes only six minutes
On average, an ear of a corn has 16 rows and approximately 800 kernels
The green ring that is formed around the yolk of eggs that have been cooked too long is formed by the chemical reaction from the iron in the yolk and the sulphur in the white part of the egg
The silk that is produced by spiders is stronger than steel
The first president to have a picture taken was John Quincy Adams
Some brands of toothpaste contain glycerin or glycerol, which is also an ingredient in antifreeze
1 in 2000 babies are born with a tooth that is already visible
It was during World War II that clothes with elastic waists were introduced. This is because the metal used in zippers was badly needed for the war
In 1902, the game table tennis was brought to the U.S. from Europe by Parker Brothers
Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes themlooks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
The fat from sheep, which is called tallow can be used to make soap and candles
Next to bone marrow, hair is the fastest growing tissue in the human body
Sigmund Freud had a morbid fear of ferns
When playing competitive darts the player must be 7 feet 9 1/4 inches back from the dartboard. Also the board must be 5 feet 8 inches above the floor
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak
Earthworms have 5 hearts
If all the gold sitting in the oceans and seas were mined, every person on this plant would get about 20 kilograms of gold each.
To make an espresso 42 coffee beans are needed
The oil that is found in poison ivy is called "urushiol."
Of all the days of the week, the most popular day for people to eat ice cream is Sunday
The first museum in Moscow that was set up in 1791 was the Natural History Laboratory at Moscow University. This later was changed to the Zoological Museum
A surfer once sued another surfer for "stealing his wave." The case was thrown out because the court was unable to put a price on "pain and suffering" endured by the surfer watching someone else ride "his" wave
Many people in parts of China eat insects. Some common insects are bean worms, scoprions, and locusts
The largest dog in the world is the Irish Wolfhound
Ernest Vincent Wright wrote a fifty thousand-word novel, "Gadsby," without any word containing the letter "e."
The projection light used for IMAX theaters can be seen from space.
The human liver performs over 500 functions
Ballroom dancing is a course at Brigham Young University in Utah
The word "maverick" came into use after Samuel Maverick, a Texan, refused to brand his cattle. Eventually any unbranded calf became known as a Maverick
Finnish folklore states that when Santa comes to Finland to deliver gifts, he leaves his sleigh behind and rides on a goat named Ukko instead
More than $1 billion is spent each year on neck ties in the United States
In the 18th century, potatoes were given out as a dessert. They were served in a napkin, salted and hot
The only poisonous birds in the world are the three species of Pitohui. The Hooded Pitohui from Papua New Guinea is the most deadliest out of the three
Pretzels were originally invented for Christian Lent. The twists of the pretzels are to resemble arms crossed in prayer
The American Airlines Center in Dallas has more toilets per capita than any other sports and entertainment venue in the country
After 8 months, babies are more likely to get a diaper rash
The first modern toothbrush was invented in China. Its bristles came from hogs hair or the mane of a horse that were then put into ivory handles
The New Zealand Kiwi bird cannot fly
66% of wedding cards are hand delivered by people
Heavier lemons produce more, and tastier, juice
The leading cause of poisoning for children under the age of six in the home is liquid dish soap
The same amount of calories are burned by doing 6 sessions that are 5 minutes each of an activity and doing 1 session of that activity for 30 minutes
General William Booth is the founder of the Salvation Army
Iguanas can stay under water for up to thirty minutes
The fastest flying butterfly is the Monarch, which has been clocked with a speed as high as 17 miles per hour
Egyptian pyramid builders used to eat a lot of garlic because they thought it would increase their strength
The average office document gets copied 19 times
In just the first 56 days of life, the larva of the polyphemus moth eats about 86,000 times its birthweight
Every hour one billion cells in the body must be replaced
American actor Jack Nicholson, and American singer Bobby Darrin were raised believing their grandmothers were their mothers and their mothers were their older sisters
The first Ford cars had Dodge engines
The average height of an NBA basketball player is 6 feet 7 inches
One in five Americans move homes every year
The chocolate chip cookie was invented in 1933
The capital of Burkina Faso is Ouagadougou
A catfish has about 100,000 taste buds
The Liberty Bell was the first mechanical slot machine, which was invented by Charles Fey, a car mechanic in 1895.
A Russian man who wore a beard during the time of Peter the Great had to pay a special tax
The silkworm moth has lost the ability to fly ever since it has been domesticated
The first cheerleaders in the U.S. were men
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the "General Purpose" vehicle, G.P
The odds of having quadruplets are 1 in 729,000
In 1965, the price for an issue of TV Guide was 15 cents
In 1565 In St. Augustine, Florida the first orange trees were planted
Nose prints are used to identify dogs, much like humans use fingerprints
In the United States, six tubs of Cool Whip, a brand of whipping cream, are sold every second
The most popular chocolate bar in the United Kingdom for the last 15 years has been Kit Kat
White-Out was invented by Bette Nesmith Graham, who is the mother of Michael Nesmith from the "The Monkees."
There are over 2,000 different types of cheese in the world
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world
Owls swallow their prey whole because they have no teeth. After approximately 12 hours they cough up the feathers, bones, and fur in a shape of a football pellet
Historically, a blue ribbon has been awarded for first prize
Seventy-one percent of households report they have at least one snorer. Forty-five percent of those surveyed admit they snore, 35% said their partner snores, 12% said their child snores and 9% reported their pet snores
The original meaning of the word grocer was referring to a person who traded food in wholesale. These people would usually sell in large quantities, or by the "gross."
Research indicates that mosquitoes are attracted to people who have recently eaten bananas
Actress Michelle Pfeiffer was the first choice to play Clarice Starling in the movie "Silence of the Lambs." She turned down the role because she found it too scary
The White House has 35 bathrooms, 3 elevators, 132 rooms, and 412 doors in it
Due to the deforestation of the forests in North China, over one million tons of sands blows into Beijing from the Gobi desert. It sometimes causes the sky to turn yellow.
Cows are able to hear lower and higher frequencies better than human beings
Approximately 60% of the water used by households during the summer is used for watering flowers, and lawns
The largest diamond that was ever found was 3106 carats.
In 1970, Chip maker Intel purchased a pear orchard to build their corporate headquarters on
The mating call of a male toadfish, who are underwater, is so loud that it can be heard by humans above water
The most popular jelly belly jellybean flavour is buttered popcorn
The Nike swoosh was invented by Caroline Davidson back in 1971. She received $35 for making the swoosh. The first shoe with the swoosh was introduced in 1972
Slaves under the last emperors of China wore pigtails so they could be picked out quickly
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out
Kiwis are the only known bird to have nostrils located at the tip of their beak
An adult esophagus can range from 10 to 14 inches in length and is one inch in diameter
A squash ball moving at 150 kilometers per hour has the same impact of a .22 bullet
Telephonophobia is the fear of telephones
The word alligator comes from the Spanish word El Lagarto, which means "The Lizard."
While still in college, Bill Gates and Paul Allen once built a special purpose machine called "Traff-O-Data." It was a machine that would analyze information gathered by traffic monitors. They never found any buyers.
The citric acid found in lemon juice is said to be able to dissolve a pearl
Robert Southey wrote the story "Goldilocks and the Three Bears" in 1834
The tallest woman in the world is American Sandy Allen who is 7 feet 7 inches
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first-class
Astronauts get taller when they are in space
Only 5 to 10 percent of cheetah cubs make it to adulthood
Dentyne gum was invented in 1899 by a druggist from New York named Franklin V. Canning
It takes about three hours for food to be broken down in the human stomach
When former Texas Governor James Hogg was on his deathbed he made a special request that a pecan tree be planted at the head of his grave instead of a tombstone. The governor passed away on March 2, 1906, which is Texas Independence Day. The pecan tree is now the state tree of Texas
In a year, there are 60,000 trampoline injuries that occur in the U.S
There is an organization called SCROOGE in Charlottesville, Virginia that stands for Society to Curtail Ridiculous, Outrageous, and Ostentatious Gift Exchanges. This was formed to keep gift giving affordable and simple
The first World Series baseball playoffs occurred in 1903
Archipelago is the word to describe a large group of islands that are located close together
The life expectancy of a garbage disposal is about 5 to 10 years
In the original movie "101 Dalmatians," there are exactly 6,469,952 spots on all 101 Dalmatians as they are shown in 113,760 frames of the film combined
The average North American car contains 300 pounds of plastics
A person who is a specialist in wine making is called an oenologist
You can only smell 1/20th as well as a dog
The number one cause of rabies in the United States are bats
The music for "The Star Spangled Banner" comes from a British drinking song named "Anacreon."
27 percent of U.S. male college students believe life is "a meaningless existential hell." (big surprise, eh?)
Close to fifty percent of the bacteria in the mouth lives on the surface of our tongue
Less than 1% of the women in the world will ever be able to wear a diamond that is the size of a carat or more
Ketchup originated in China as a pickled fish sauce called ke-tsiap
An ostrich's eye is bigger that it's brain.
In Britain, The Red Lion is the most common name for a pub
In 1997, the record for the highest skydive by a dog at 4,572 feet was established by a dog named Brutus
The majority of burglaries occur during the daytime when people are not home
Traditionally, wild cabbage was used as an aphrodisiac
Tiger Woods was introduced to golf at nine months of age by his father
A person will burn 7 percent more calories if they walk on hard dirt compared to pavement
It would take 29 million years for a car travelling 100 miles per hour to reach the nearest star
Blue Jays can imitate the calls of hawks
There are over three trillion craters on the moon, with some being having a diameter over three feet
In India, a 9-year-old girl was "married" to a stray dog, which tribal custom requires in order to protect a child whose first tooth appears on the upper gum
There is now an ATM at McMurdo Station in Antarctica, which has a winter population of two hundred people
In Canada, men are three times more likely than women to have seen a doctor in the last year
The most expensive spice in the world is saffron
In one night, an adult hippopotamus eats approximately 150 pounds of grass
The U.S. paid Russia $7.2 million for Alaska in 1867
Cows can detect odors up to five miles away
There are about 125 million multiples (twins, triplets, etc.) worldwide
Arthur Giblin was the inventor of the first "flushable" toilet
Consuming chocolate was once considered a sin during the 16th and 17th century. During that time it was provided in the form of a drink and since drinking wine during lent was a sin, so was drinking chocolate
Approximately 40% of the states in the U.S. have severe, or extreme pollution problems
Wendel Clark holds the record for the longest span between NHL All-Star appearances, with 13 years (1986-1999)
Ancient Egyptians believed that onions would keep evil spirits away
Dill seeds are so small that approximately 10,000 dill seeds would be required to make an ounce
To make one pound of whole milk cheese, 10 pounds of whole milk is needed
If all the insects in the world were put on a scale, they would out weigh all creatures
Women smile more than men do
A ripe cranberry will bounce. Another name for a cranberry is bounceberry
Termites work 24 hours per day -- they do not sleep
The Romans used to clean themselves with olive oil since they did not have any soap. They would pour the oil on their bodies, and then use a strigil, which is type of blade, to scrape off any dirt along with the oil
The act of stretching and yawning is referred to as pandiculation
In the 1960 movie "Psycho" by Alfred Hitchcock, chocolate syrup was used to show the blood in the shower scene
Carolyn Shoemaker, famous astronomer, has discovered 32 comets and approximately 300 asteroids
The longest fangs of a snake are found on the Gaboon Viper (Bitis gabonica), and can reach over 2 inches in length
Once a human reaches the age of 35, he/she will start losing approximately 7,000 brain cells a day. The cells will never be replaced
The only king without a moustache in a deck of cards is the king of hearts
Approximately 100,000 people get married in Las Vegas each year
Amish people do not believe in the use of aerosal air fresheners
Coca-cola used to use the slogan "Good to the last drop," in 1908. This slogan was later used by Maxwell House
The blind cavefish is born with eyes, but they fall off as the fish grows
In ancient Egypt, Priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies including their eyebrows and eyelashes
The Indian election in 1984 was the largest election of any country. Over 379,000,000 voters were eligible to vote at over 480,000 polling stations
A single chocolate chip gives enough energy to a human being to walk 150 feet
There are 54 bones in your hands including the wrists
The name for Oz in "The Wizard of Oz" was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z, hence "Oz."
The town of Churchill, Manitoba, located in Canada, is known as the "Polar Bear Capital of the World"
Amtrak is the combination of the words "American" and "Track"
On average, an American relocates 11 times in their life
Fires onland generally move faster uphill than downhill
The cartoon character Popeye was actually based on a real person named Frank "Rocky" Fiegel who was a tough guy who was quite similar to Popeye physically
Frisbee got its name from William Russel Frisbee, who was a pie baker. He used to sell his pies in a thin tin pan, which had Frisbee written on it. When Walter Frederick Morrison thought of the idea of making saucer like disks to play catch, he visited the campus of Yale and noticed people there were using the pie pan to play catch so he therefore renamed his invention to Frisbee
Some arthritis medications contain gold salts, which is used as an anti-inflammatory
Lemon juice can aid in reducing the swelling caused by insect bites
LSD is made from lysergic acid, which is found in ergot, a type of fungus
DC-10, the name of an airplane stands for "Douglas Commercial."
In approximately 18 months, the papaya tree can grow to be 20 feet tall
Parrots cannot eat chocolate because it is poisonous to their body
Americans are responsible for generating roughly 20% percent of the garbage in the world
Termites are roasted and eaten like popcorn in South Africa
The official state tree of Illinois is The White Oak
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year'ssupply of footballs.
In 1971, the postal code was introduced in Ottawa, Ontario
The tridacna clam can grow up to four feet long and weigh up to 500 pounds
The state that has the most diners in the world is New Jersey, which is referred to as the "Diner Capital of the World."
Approximately 1-2 calorie are burned a minute while watching T.V
The first recipe for a lasagna type dish was found to be from a British cookbook in the 14th century. Therefore, Italians were not the first ones to come up with the popular dish as believed
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older
If an identical twin grows up without having a certain tooth, the other twin will most likely also grow up with that tooth missing
Albert Einstein was offered the presidency of Israel in 1952, but he declined
According to legend, tea originated in China when tea leaves accidentally blew into a pot of boiling water
When you sneeze, all your bodily functions momentarily stop, including your heart
Kite flying is a professional sport in Thailand
Urine from men?s public urinals was sold as a commodity in Ancient Rome. It was used as a dye and for making clothes hard
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5.00 bill
1 out of 350,000 Americans get electrocuted in their life
New Mexico is known as the "Land of Enchantment."
In 1890, Scott Paper produced the first toilet paper to be available on a roll
An elephant in the wild can eat anywhere from 100 - 1000 pounds of vegetation in a 16 hour period
Some of the other names that were thought of for the dwarfs in the Disney movie "Snow White" were Awful, Dirty, Shifty, Hotsy, and Jumpy
In the U.S., over 35 million people have used some sort of illegal drug in the last year
96% of candles that are purchased are by women
The oldest bird on record was Cocky, a cockatoo, who died in the London Zoo at the age of 82
A cow averages 40,000 jaw movements a day
The reason the soft drink Dr Pepper is called that is because the inventor Wade Morrison named it after Dr. Charles Pepper who had given him his first job
Annually 17 tons of gold is used to make wedding rings in the United States
Sex acts like a natural antihistamine, in can clear up a stuffy nose
Women on average live seven years longer than men do
A British term for slot machine is "fruit machine" or "one-armed bandit."
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin
Even though the rose does not bear any fruit, the rose hips have more Vitamin C than most vegetables and fruits
In 1946 Danon Yogurt were the first to add fruit to commercially produced yogurt in U.S
The first domain name ever registered was Symbolics.com on March 15, 1985.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first class
The first flavour of a cheese ball was called "Cheddy Blue."
Over 500 million gallons of Kool-Aid drink are consumed each year
The waste produced by one chicken in its lifetime can supply enough electricity to run a 100-watt bulb for five hours
Hydrogen solid is the most dense substance in the world, at 70.6g/cc
Missouri has been to most NCAA tournaments than any other college without reaching the final four
The hump of a camel can weigh up to 35 kilograms
Lake Malawi has the largest number of fish species in the world
The country of Fiji is made up of 332 islands
The first Labor Day holiday was celebrated on Tuesday, September 5, 1882, in New York City
The word "sophomore" means "sophisticated moron."
Jim Bristoe, an American, invented a 30-foot-long, 2-ton pumpkin cannon that can fire pumpkins up to five miles.
There are about 61,300 pizza restaurants in the United States of America
To tell if a egg is fully cooked or raw, just spin it. If the egg wobbles then it is still raw, and if it easily spins it is fully cooked
Used in art the word "sfumato" refers to the subtle blending of an outline by gradually blending one tone into another
There is a species of bird, Antpitta avis canis Ridgley, that barks like a dog
The flu pandemic of 1918 killed over 20 million people
Approximately 20% of Americans have a passport
The Nobel prize was first awarded in 1901
The reason why milk is white is because it contains a protein called Casein, which is white. Milk also contains fat, which is also white
After twenty-seven years, Betty Rubble made her debut as a Flintstones Vitamin in 1996
When telephone companies first began hiring telephone operators, they chose teenage boys for the job. They switched to women because the teenage boys were wrestling instead of working and pulling pranks on callers
In a lifetime, the heart pumps about one million barrels of blood
The Sears Tower in Chicago contains enough steel to build 50,000 automobiles
The first words that Thomas A. Edison spoke into the phonograph were, "Mary had a little lamb."
There are 400 species of bacteria in the human colon
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
In the 20th century, over three million people have died from earthquakes
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
People still cut the cheese shortly after death
In ancient Egypt, the only person who was allowed to wear cotton was the High Priest
Blueberries have more antioxidents than any other fruit or vegetables
The Mount Horeb Mustard Museum which is located in Wisconsin has the biggest collection of prepared mustards. They have approximately 4,000 different jars and tubes from all over the world
Bananas trees are not really trees. They are considered to be giant herb plants
Sponge Candy was invented in Buffalo, NY
When the volcano Krakatoa off the Java islands exploded in 1883, it was so loud that it woke some people up in South Australia
Pearls are rarely found in North American oysters
The average cocoon contains about 300-400 metres of silk
Lake Nicaragua boasts the only fresh-water sharks in the entire world
Boxing champion Gene Tunney taught Shakespeare at Yale University
The most popular pickle is the Dill pickle
Diabetes is the fourth leading cause of death in the U.S., accounting for about 180,000 deaths per year
Every year approximately 3,000 people choke to death
Cow is a Japanese brand of shaving foam
The fastest running bird is the Ostrich, which has been clocked at 97.5 kilometres per hour
When the divorce rate goes up in the United States, toy makers report that the sale of toys also rise
Q-Tip Cotton Swabs were originally called Baby Gays
The Pacific island of Tonga once issued a stamp that was banana shaped
A mole can dig a tunnel three hundred feet long in a single night
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher
The only commercial aircraft that is able to break the sound barrier is the Concorde.
U.S. Postal Service processes 38 million address changes each year
In 1984, Ronald Reagan declared the month of July to be "National Ice Cream Month."
The small intestine in the human body is about 2 inches around, and 22 feet long
In 1905, the first pizzeria in the U.S. opened in New York City
In the early nineteenth century some advertisements claimed that riding the carousel was good for the circulation of blood
For the blockbuster movie "The Terminator," O.J. Simpson was considered to play the role of the Terminator, but producers did not choose him as they thought he would not be taken seriously
The actor who played the T-1000 in Terminator 2 (Robert Patrick) and the lead singer of Filter are brothers
The sole purpose of a drone bee is to mate with the queen bee
There are more plastic flamingos in America than real ones
Walt Disney had a fear of mice
Cleopatra married two of her brothers
In an average lifetime, people spend four years traveling in cars and six months waiting for red light to turn green
At one time, pumpkins were recommended for removing freckles
In just one drop of liquid, 50 million bacteria can be present
The Montreal Canadians hockey team has won the most Stanley Cups with 24
Nylon is a man-made fibre that is made from coal and petroleum
When the First Lady, Eleanor Roosevelt, received an alarming number of threatening letters, soon after her husband became President at the height of the Depression, the Secret Service insisted that she carry a pistol in her purse
Swiss engineer George de Mestral, who got the idea after noticing burrs were sticking to his pants after his regular walks through the woods, invented Velcro.
Bees can communicate with other bees by dancing. Their dance can alert other bees as to which direction and the distance nectar and pollen is located
The steepest street in the world is Baldwin Street located in Dunedin, New Zealand. It has an incline of 38%
One billion pounds of pasta would need approximately 2,021,452,000 gallons of water to cook it. This is equivalent to 75,000 Olympic-size swimming pools
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously
The average Super Bowl party has 18 people
An ant can detect a movement through 5 centimeters of earth
One out of 200 women is colorblind
On average, the rainfall across the Amazon is 7 feet annually.
Passion fruits have a tranquilizing effect on the body
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky
A snail can sleep for 3 years
"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt"
There is a large brass statue of Winnie-the-Pooh in Lima, Peru
In 1982, Larry Walters tied 24 weather balloons to his lawn chair in Los Angeles and climbed to an altitude of 16,000 feet
Centuries ago in India, a person could get their nose chopped off for breaking the law
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in Jello
The total number of steps in the Eiffel Tower are 1665
The amount of blood a female mosquito drinks per serving is five millionths of a liter
An adult porcupine has approximately 30,000 quills on its body, which are replaced every year
The name for Ivory Soap was inspired by a verse from the Bible. Harley Proctor got though of the name when the minister read from Psalms 45:8, "All thy garments smell of myrrh and aloes and cassia, out of the ivory palaces whereby they have made thee glad."
A survey done by Clairol 10 years ago came up with 46% of men stating that it was okay to color their hair. Now 66% of men admit to coloring their hair
The name of the squiggly line "~" is called a tilde
In 1747, the first American mention of the Christmas tree occurred. However, it was a not a tree but instead a pyramid made out of wood and decorated with apples and evergreen boughs
There are more Barbie dolls in Italy than there are Canadians in Canada
The study of ants is called Myrmecology
In the United States, you are more likely to be killed by a bee sting than a shark attack
Coca-Cola was the first soft drink to be consumed in outer space
Frozen food can be just as nutritious as fresh food
Fourteen people die each day from asthma in the United States
The average amount of time spent kissing for a person in a lifetime is 20,160 minutes
The human body has approximately 37,000 miles of capillaries
The most expensive shoes in the world are ruby slippers located in Harrods in London, which cost $1.6 million, has a full time security guard. The shoes are made from platinum thread and has 642 rubies in them. It took over 700 hours to produce the shoe
Only 55% of all Americans know that the sun is a star
The city of Denver was originally chosen to host the 1976 Winter Olympics, but had to withdraw because Colorado voters rejected to finance it
The longest bout of sneezing recorded was by Donna Griffith. It began in January 13 1981 and continued until September 16 1983 and lasted for 978 days
The Taj Mahal, located in Agra, India, was actually built for use as a tomb by Mogul ruler Shah Jehan for his wife, Arjuman Banu Begum
In 1943, the July issue of "Transportation Magazine" had an article entitled "1943 Guide to Hiring Women."
Spotted skunks do handstands before they spray
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge
Scientists with high-speed cameras have discovered that rain drops are not tear shaped but rather look like hamburger buns.
Ancient Egyptian women used to wear perfume cones made of wax that would melt in the heat letting out a nice fragrance
Mardi Gras means "Fat Tuesday." This is the festival that New Orleans, Louisiana is famous for having every year
There was once a fish caught in Delaware Bay with a watch still ticking inside
In Singapore, it is illegal to sell or own chewing gum
During the female orgasm, endorphines are released, which are powerful painkillers. So headaches are in fact a bad excuse not to have sex
Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes
The nut "filbert" got its name from St. Philbert which is celebrated on August 22nd, which is also when the nut matures
Every time Beethoven sat down to write music, he poured ice water over his head
Some species of dolphin sleep with one eye open
The chewing gum Juicy Fruit has 10 calories. This is approximately the same as a bite of whole wheat bread
In ancient Egypt, doctors used jolts from the electric catfish to reduce the pain of arthritis
In order to scare away predators, Giant petrels, a type of seabird, throw up all over the intruder
Elvis Presley used to be a truck driver before he started singing
The average cow produces about 2,305 gallons of milk each year
Former U.S. president Ronald Reagan worked as a lifeguard in his youth at a beach near Dixon, Illinois and saved over 77 lives
In 2000, there were 1,579,566 drug arrests in the United States. Of those, close to half were for marijuana
Just like fingerprints, every cats nose pad is different
Popeye is 34 years old, weighs 158 lbs, and is 5 feet 6 inches tall
Researchers have shot footage of Orcas (killer whales) attacking and killing great white sharks
The three most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca Cola, and Budweiser, in that order
One bushel of wheat can make enough sandwiches that you could eat three sandwiches a day for over six months
In 1992, approximately 750 deaths occurred in the United States due to workplace violence
In the movie "Babe", the piglet was played by over 30 different piglets they outgrew the part so quickly during the production of the film
Research indicates that people prefer the colour blue for their casual clothing
The leading cause of deaths for children between the ages of 1 and 4 are motor vehicle crashes
The first toilet being flushed in a motion picture was in the movie "Psycho."
The human brain has about 100,000,000,000 (100 billion) neurons
One acre of wheat can produce enough bread to feed a family of four people for about ten years
Queen Victoria used marijuana, to help relieve menstrual cramp pain
On a ship a toilet is called a head
About 1 in 5,000 North Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue
Approximately 10.5 gallons of water is used in a dishwasher. Washing the dishes by hand can use up to 20 gallons of water
The thing that hangs from the top of the beak of a turkey is called the snood
Ticks can be as small as a grain of rice and grow to be as big as a marble
An American chews an average of 300 sticks of gum in a year
Most cows give more milk when they listen to music
Giant flying foxes, which are a type of bat, that live in Indonesia have wingspans of nearly six feet
Heavier lemons contain more and tastier juice
Since 1950, over 230 million eggs of Silly Putty have been sold
Oral-B is a combination of oral hygiene and the letter B, which stands for the word better
Frank Wathernam was the last prisoner to leave Alcatraz prison on March 21, 1963
A blink lasts approximately 0.3 seconds
In 1903 Mary Anderson invented the windshield wipers
Both Thomas Jefferson and Jimmy Carter, U.S. presidents, were peanut farmers at one time
A cow releases about 125 gallons of gas per day
The Apollo 17 crew were the last men on the moon
Spartacus led the revolt of the Roman slaves and gladiators in 73 B.C
The Mexican version of the Tooth Fairy is known as the Tooth Mouse, which takes the tooth and leaves treasures in its place
In a day the blue whale calf drinks approximately 130 gallons of milk
Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people do
All racehorses in the U.S. celebrate their birthday on January 1st
A person would have to drink more than 12 cups of hot cocoa to equal the amount of caffeine found in one cup of coffee
The oldest documented footwear found was a 8,000 year-old sandal found in a cave located in Missouri, USA
Broccoli was first introduced into France during the royal marriage of Catherine de Medici to Henry II of France
By federal law, for a noodle to actually be a noodle it must have 5.5 percent egg solids in it, otherwise it cannot be called a noodle
The first female guest host of Saturday Night Live was actress Candace Bergen
The human heart beast roughly 35 million times a year
People that use mobile phones are 2.5 time more likely to develop cancer in areas of the brain that are adjacent to the ear they use to talk on the mobile phone
Turkeys can have heart attacks. When the Air Force was conducting test runs and breaking the sound barrier, fields of turkeys dropped dead because of heart attacks
The act of sneezing is referred to as sternutation
The average medium size piano has about 230 strings
A study revealed that men that were born with a low birth weight were less likely to get married
It takes about 63,000 trees to make the newsprint for the average Sunday edition of The New York Times
On average, you would need 12.5 gallons of milk to make one gallon of ice cream
A leech can gorge itself up to a maximum of five times its body weight
There are places in Saskatchewan called Elbow, Eyebrow, and Drinkwater
A butterfly has to have a body temperature greater than 86 degrees to be able to fly
The beeswax that is produced by Honey bees comes from eight paired glands that are located on the underside of their stomach
People in low-income homes spend 50% more time playing video games than people in high-income homes
Lighthouse keepers were nicknamed "wickies" because they tended the lamps wick
Taco Bell serves over 35 million consumers each week in the USA
During the Roman times, people used urine, called lotium in Latin, as a hair product
There are approximately 90 people that have been frozen after their death.
The smallest will ever written was 3.8 cm in diameter. It had 40 words written on it and was signed by two witnesses
The length of a human esophagus is 25 centimeters
In 1942 the Jello company introduced Cola flavored jello, which only lasted a year
Males account for 60% of toy injuries that occur in the U.S
The company "Sony" was originally called "Totsuken." They felt the name "Sony" would be easier to pronounce. The name was invented by a cross between the name "sonus" and "sonny." The name sound and sonic are derived. Sonny was used to represent a young man or boy, which would show a energetic young company
The Red Cross is called the Red Crescent in Arab countries
The Olympics were originally held for the Greek god Zeus
The oldest inhabited house in Scotland is the Traquair Castle. The castle has had 27 kings as visitors
Four billion pounds of watermelon were grown in the United States in 1999
Wham-O manufactured twenty-thousand hula-hoops a day at the peak of hula-hoop popularity in 1958
JELL-O was declared The "Official State Snack" of Utah in January 2001
Elvis Presley was obsessed with brushing his teeth
When the Statue of Liberty was moved from France to the United States, 214 crates were used to transport it. The Statue was also reduced to 350 pieces
There are approximately 2000 thunderstorms that are active at the same time which results in 100 lightning flashes a second.
In-vitro babies are born in Australia more than any other country in the world
Uranus? winter and summer seasons last the equivalent of 21 Earth years
More people die from eating sharks then from being eaten by them. This is due to a poison in shark meat
The murder rate in the United States is about four times greater than in Japan. In Japan, no private citizen can buy a handgun legally
The rarest chocolate bar in the world is the Porcelana bar. There are only 20,000 of these bars produced a year, and they sell for $90 per pound
The reason why locusts swarm are because when they are in groups, a "hot-spot" behind their hind legs is stimulated, which in turn causes their destructive nature. A large swarm of locusts can eat eighty thousand tons of corn in a day
There are an equivalent number of cows and people in Friesland, Netherlands
Centipedes always have an uneven pairs of walking legs
A chicken once had its head cut off and survived for over eighteen months, headless
The largest diamond found in the United States was a 40.23 carat white diamond. It was found in 1924 and nicknamed the "Uncle Sam."
Following directions off the Internet and chemicals obtained from a mail order company, a team of U.S. scientists created an identical copy of the polio virus.
Every day, the Hubble telescope transmits enough data to fit 10,000 standard computer disks
The average number of people that go to a party for the Super Bowl is 17
The amount of Kit Kat chocolate bars that are made at the York factory every 15 minutes are enough to outstack the Eiffel Tower
The skin of a shark is made up of "tiny teeth" which are called dermal denticles
The strongest gust of wind was recorded at the Mount Washington Observatory on April 12th, 1934, and measured 231 miles per hour.
The company Chanel claims that every 30 seconds, somewhere in the world, a bottle of Chanel No 5 is sold
In their lifetime, house cats spend approximately 10,950 hours purring
The reason why bubbles are round is because this is the most efficient shape that the soap film can take for the amount of air trapped inside
It is very common for babies in New Zealand to sleep on sheepskins. This is to help them gain weight faster, and retain their body heat
From 1526 to 1707, the first six Mogul emperors of India ruled in unbroken succession from father to son
A one kilogram packet of sugar will have about 5 million grains of sugar
Bats emit ultrasonic sounds to communicate with each other
Rats can survive up to 14 days without any food
Canola oil is actually rapeseed oil but the name was changed in Canada for marketing reasons
Three consecutive strikes in bowling is called a turkey
In a year, about 90 million jars of Skippy Peanut Butter are sold. This works out to three jars sold every second
In a lifetime, an average man will shave 20,000 times
The Pentagon has 284 restrooms
From 1967-1976, the town of Tororo located in Uganda had thunder 251 out of the 365 days in a year for those years.
Children grow faster in the springtime than any other season during the year
Another name for licorice is "Sweet Wood" or "Spanish Juice."
The reason the Animal Crackers box is designed with a string handle is because when the popular circus theme was introduced in 1902 they thought it would also be a good idea to package them with a string as a Christmas novelty so they could be hung from Christmas trees
Sheep can detect other sheep faces like humans do. They can remember up to 50 sheep faces
The loudest insect in the world is the male cicadas, which are like crickets. When they rub their abdomens, the sound made can be heard from 1300 feet
Each year 96 billion pounds of food is wasted in the U.S
In the past 60 years, the groundhog has only predicted the weather correctly 28% of the time. The rushing back and forth from burrows is believed to indicate sexual activity, not shadow seeking
Pretzel snacks have been around for over 1300 years. A European monk invented the snack using used leftover bread dough
Sharks are capable of surviving on average six weeks without eating. The record observed in an aquarium is fifteen months by a species of shark known as the "swell shark."
The destruction of the Berlin Wall began when private citizens began to demolish entire sections of the Wall without interference from government officials on November 9, 1989
Most American women have their first baby when they are 24.3 years old
Frogs do not need to drink water as they absorb the water through their skin
A group of larks is called an exaltation
The Kool Aid Man used to be known as "Pitcher Man" when he was first introduced in 1975
Wheel of Fortune star Vanna White holds the record for putting her hands together approximately 140,000 times to clap
Men sweat more than women. This is because women can better regulate the amount of water they lose
Research has indicated that approximately eleven minutes are cut off the life of an average male smoker from each cigarette smoked
The triangular shape that Toblerone chocolates are packaged in, is protected by law
In 1945, the first "floating ice cream parlor" was built for sailors in the western Pacific. This "floating ice cream parlour" could produce ten gallons of ice cream every seven seconds
The formula for Coca-cola has never been patented
The average day is actually 23 hours, 56 minutes and 4.09 seconds. We have a leap year every four years to make up for this shortfall
Before its name was changed, the African Penguin used be called the Jackass Penguin because of its donkey-like braying call
During the high feeding season, it has been estimated that an adult blue whale can eat up to 40 million krill in one day. (Krill are shrimp like creatures)
Pound for pound, leopards are said to be seven times stronger than humans
One average, men spend 60 hours a year shaving
Botanically a rhubarb is a vegetable. It was changed to a fruit in 1947 by a U.S. Custom Court
Sawney Beane, his wife, 8 sons, 6 daughters, and 32 grandchildren were a family of cannibals that lived in the caves near Galloway, Scotland in the early 17th Century. Although the total number is not known, it is believed they claimed over 50 victims per year. The entire family was taken by an army detachment to Edinburgh and executed, apparently without trial
The movie that grossed the most money that was adapted from a T.V. cartoon is Scooby-Doo
There are five million scent receptors located in a human beings nose
When Coca-Cola was invented, American tourists that visited Spain were surprised to see that Coke was three times as expensive as a glass of brandy
Some silkworms can spin cocoons that contain more than two miles of silk
The mother of famous astronomer Johannes Kepler was accused of being a witch
At one time, Pumpkins were recommended for the removal of freckles and curing snake bites
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies
Approximately 200 pets are buried in a pet cemetery out of the thousands of pets that die each day
The average Hostess Twinkie is 68 percent air as measured by volume according to university researchers
In Haiti, only 1 out of every 200 people own a car. This is ironic considering approximately 33% of the country's budget on import is spent on equipment for fuel and transportation.
Every U.S. bill regardless of denomination costs just 4 cents to make
About 30% of American admit to talking to their dogs or leaving messages on their answering machines for their dogs while they are away
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why
Caterpillar means "hairy cat" in Old French
The ostrich has two toes on each feet which gives it greater speed
On September 3, 1970, a hailstone was found in Coffeyville, Kansas that was eight inches in diameter and weighed 1.67 pounds.
Honorificabilitudinitatibus is the longest English word that consists strictly of alternating consonants and vowels
It can take up to a month for a rattlesnake to re-supply its venom
Close to 3 billion movie tickets are sold in India every year
The word racecar and kayak are the same whether they are read left to right or right to left
There were approximately 2,228 people on board the Titanic when it sank. Of this, only 706 people survived
An elephant can live up to the age of seventy, or in some cases even more
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world
Elephants can't jump. Every other mammal can.
The name "cranberry" comes from German and Dutch settlers. The berry was intially called "crane berry." The reason it was called this was because when the flowers bloom, the petals of the flowers twist backwards and look very much like the head of a crane. Eventually the name was shortened down to be "cranberry."
In New Mexico, over eleven thousand people have visited a tortilla chip that appeared to have the face of Jesus Christ burned into it
On average, he ratio of yellow kernels to white kernals in a bag of popcorn is 9:1
The first toilet stall in a public washroom is the least likely to be used. It is also the cleanest
In 1955, only 330 Volkswagen Beetle's were sold at a price of $1800 each in the United States.
Printed on the tablet being held by the Statue of Liberty is July IV, MDCCLXXVI
The country of Fiji is made up of 332 islands
Orville Wright, a pilot, was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.
The first company to mass produce teddy bears was the Ideal Toy Company
Princess Anne from the British royal family competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics
Brazil produces the most oranges in the world
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
The eyeball of a human weighs approximately 28 grams
A human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20 seconds after it is been decapitated
Witchcraft means "Craft of the Wise Ones."
500,000 kids in the US live in same sex households
In July 1874, a swarm of Rocky Mountain locusts flew over Nebraska covering an area estimated at 198,600 square miles. It is estimated that the swarm contained about 12.5 trillion insects. These insects became extinct thirty years later
Tropical rainforests cover about 7% of the Earth and receive over 80 inches of rain every year
The feet have approximately 250,000 sweat glands
Approximately 7.5% of all office documents get lost
The desert tortoise can live without having to drink any water. It extracts the water it needs from the vegetation it eats
There were 13 couples celebrating their honeymoon on the Titanic
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball
Elvis Presley had a twin brother named Jesse Garon Presley who died at birth
Robert Wadlow is the tallest man recorded in history. He grew to be eight feet and eleven inches and weighed 490 pounds when he died
Bank robber John Dillinger played professional baseball
Research indicates that plants grow healthier when they are stroked.
France is known as the perfume capital of the world
According to psychologists, the shoe and the foot are the most common sources of sexual fetishism in Western society
Constipation is caused when too much water is absorbed in the large intestine and the feces become dry
One ton of grapes can produce 720 bottles of wine
Eating about twenty tart cherries a day could reduce inflammatory pain and headache pain
In 2001, the five most valuable brand names in order were Coca-Cola, Microsoft, IBM, GE, and Nokia
Milk chocolate was invented in Switzerland by David Peter in 1876
In November 1999, two women were killed by a lightning bolt. The underwire located in their bras acted as a electrical conductors, and when the lightning bolt hit the bra they left burn marks on their chest
Basketball was invented by Canadian James Naismith in 1891
Over 100,000 birds and sea animals are killed every year due to plastic garbage
The big toe is the foot reflexology pressure point for the head
85% of weddings are held in a synagogue or church
The sport of surfing originated in Hawaii
It is possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs
Before soccer referees started using whistles in 1878, they used to rely on waving a handkerchief
Tobacco kills more Americans each year than alcohol, cocaine, crack, heroin, homicide, suicide, car accidents, fire and AIDS combined
The best time for a person to buy shoes is in the afternoon. This is because the foot tends to swell a bit around this time
Dead cells in the body ultimately go to the kidneys for excretion
Americans, on average, spend 18% of his or her income on transportation as compared to only 13% spent on food
There are some species of snails that are venomous. Their venom can be fatal to humans
The first box of Crayola that was ever sold had the same eight colours that are sold in the box today consisting of red, blue, yellow, green, violet, orange, black and brown. The box was sold for a nickel in 1903
A turtle can breathe through its butt.
The rarest coffee in the world is Kopi Luwak, which is found in Indonesia. It cost about $300 a pound
The average America online user spends 70 minutes day online
People of Ancient China believed that swinging your arms could cure a headache
In 1938, Cliquot Club ginger ale was the first soft drink to be canned
The largest apple pie ever baked was forty by twenty three feet
Roughly 44% of junk mail is thrown away unopened
Catfish have tastebuds located on their whiskers
The laundry detergent Tide, has a market share of about forty percent market
A Canadian, Troy Hurtubise, spent $100,000 and almost went bankrupt building a RoboCop style suit so that he could withstand a bear attack
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca-Cola, andBudweiser, in that order.
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sports games (MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL) are the day before and the day after the Major League all-stars Game
In the United States, 8.5 million cosmetic surgical and non-surgical procedures were done in the year 2001
The Bible has been translated into Klingon.
Ian Fleming named his character "James Bond" after real-life ornithologist and author
Most dinosaurs walked on their toes.
On December 17 1991, the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Miami Heat 148-80, the largest margin of victory in an NBA game
There are mirrors on the moon. Astronauts left them so that laser beams could be bounced off of them from Earth. These beams help give us the distance to the moon give or take a few metres.
The U.S. army packs Tabasco pepper sauce in every ration kit that they give to soldiers
The trunk of an elephant can hold up to two gallons of water
Every year, an igloo hotel is built in Sweden that has the capacity to sleep 100 people
During the holiday season, approximately $220 million worth of Poinsettias are sold
A newborn kangaroo weighs approximately 0.03 ounces and is small enough to fit in a teaspoon
When Scott Paper Co. first started manufacturing toilet paper they did not put their name on the product because of embarrassment
The most senior crayon maker Emerson Moser retired after making 1.4 billion crayons for Crayola. It was then that he revealed that he was actually colorblind
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point inColorado.
Scientists have determined that having guilty feelings may actually damage your immune system
"Go." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language
There are more than 250,000 rivers in the United States, which amounts to 3.5 million miles of rivers
Forty-one percent of women apply body and hand moisturizer at least three times a day
Pretzel that have no salt on them are called "baldies."
The 1912 Olympics was the last Olympics that gave out gold medals that were made entirely out of gold
Monopoly is the best-selling board game in the world
There was a book written fourteen years before the sinking of the Titanic happened titled "Futility" by Morgan Robertson. This book was remarkably similar to the tragedy that happened to the Titanic in 1912
One ounce of chocolate has about 20 mg of caffeine in it
A giraffe can go longer without water than a camel
Vikings, after killing their enemies, used their skulls as drinking vessels
Studies have shown that classical music helps cows produce more milk
Two out of five people end up marrying their first love
The Hawaiian alphabet only has 12 letters
The name "Muppet" was coined by Jim Henson. The word was made from a combination of the word "marionette" and "puppet."
In the Sahara Desert, there is a town named Tidikelt, which did not receive a drop of rain for ten years
The Christmas season begins after sunset on December 24th and lasts until January 5th. This is also known as the Twelve Days of Christmas
Mosquitoes are attracted to the color blue more than any other color
In Italy, Santa Claus is known by the name Babbo Natale
Two objects have struck the earth with enough force to destroy a whole city. Each object, one in 1908 and again in 1947, struck regions of Siberia. Not one human being was hurt either time
When blue whales are first born, they gain as much as 200 pounds a day while they are calves
Families who do turn off the television during meals tend to eat healthier. This was regardless of family income, or education
About 25 percent of all the energy consumed in the US is from natural gas
American novelist Mark Twain was the first known author to submit a typed manuscript
If you fart consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the Summer Olympic games while hosting the event
The sound made by the toadfish when mating underwater is so loud that it can be heard by humans on the shore
In America, approximately 20% of children between the ages of 2 - 7 have televisions in their rooms
Traveling by air is the safest means of transportation.
In 1996, toy company Mattel released a "Harley Davidson" Barbie. This dolls distinctive feature is a birth mark on her face that changes position with every new release of the doll
The most common injury caused by cosmetics is to the eye by a mascara wand
There have been close to 200 coups and counter-coups in the country of Bolivia
On average, pigs live for about 15 years
Roughly 42% of people in the United Kingdom snore
No NFL team which plays its home games in a domed stadium has ever won a Superbowl
Beluga whales which are also called "white whales" are not born white. They are born grey in color, and by the age of six become completely white
Tiger Woods is the first athlete to has been named "Sportsman of the Year" by magazine Sports Illustrated two times
The eight most popular foods to cause food allergies are: milk, eggs, wheat, peanuts, soy, tree nuts, fish, and shellfish
Club Direct, a travel insurance company in Britain, provides insurance plans for protection from falling coconuts
There are some bananas that are red instead of yellow
Only one out of every three people wash their hands when leaving a public bathroom
570 gallons of paint would be needed to paint the outside of the White House
Baby robins eat 14 feet of earthworms every day
Every three seconds a baby is born somewhere in the world
The total mileage driven by all U-Haul trucks in a year is enough to move a person from the Earth to the moon five times a day for an entire year
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every fivemust be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips intimes ofwar or other emergencies.
Pluto was discovered on February 10, 1930 by Clyde Tombaugh
Termites have been around for over 250 million years
The average person changes their career every 13 years
The New York Yankees have appeared in the World Series a league leading 38 times and won 26 titles
Approximately 18 billion disposable diapers end up in landfills each year. These diapers can takes as long as 500 years to finally decompose
Over 4.5 billion sticks have Trident gum have been chewed. If the stick of gum were laid out end to end they could circle the globe approximately 1.8 times
Oak trees can live 200 or more years
The brain of an ant has about 250,000 brain cells
About 26 per cent of all indoor water used by households in Sydney, Australia are for laundry
A rainbow can occur only when the sun is 40 degrees or less above the horizon
If you spray an antiseptic spray on a polar bear, its fur will turn purple
Over $7 billion a year is spent on chocolates by consumers
During World War II, Russians used dogs strapped with explosives to blow up German tanks. They trained the dogs to associate the tanks with food and ended up destroying about 25 German tanks using this method
Butterflies taste with their feet
St. Louis, Missouri was the first U.S. city to host the summer Olympics in 1904
The phrase "rule of thumb" is derived from an old English law whichstated that you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than yourthumb.
Every year Alaska has about 5,000 earthquakes, 1,000 of which measure above 3.5 on the Richter scale
A fetus develops fingerprints at eighteen weeks
It takes about a half a gallon of water to cook macaroni, and about a gallon to clean the pot
The cornea is the only living tissue in the human body that does not contain any blood vessels
In the U.S. peanuts account for 66% of all snack nuts
There are approximately 7,000 feathers on an eagle
Sharks can sense a drop of blood from a mile away
As a defense mechanism, the North American Opossum closes its eyes and becomes totally limp. Basically it plays dead
The longest town name in the world has 167 letters
A sneeze zooms out of your mouth at over 600 m.p.h
A cesium atom in an atomic clock that beats over nine billion times a second.
The mythical Scottish town of Brigadoon appears for one day every one hundred years
Kermit the frog delivered the commencement address at Southampton College located in the state of New York in 1996
In World War II, the German submarine U-120 was sunk by a malfunctioning toilet
The phrase "Often a bridesmaid, but never a bride," actually originates from an advertisement for Listerine mouthwash from 1924
Over 50% of lottery players go back to work after winning the jackpot
The largest cultivated crop in the United States is corn
Walt Disney holds the record for the most Oscar nominations with sixty-four
On average, Americans eat one hundred acres of pizza a day. This amounts to about three hundred fifty slices per second
As an iceberg melts, it makes a fizzing sound because of the compressed air bubbles popping in the ice
The Arctic Ocean covers an area of about 14,056,000 sq miles
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C
Most toilets flush in E flat
Bile produced by the liver is responsible for making your feces a brownish, green colour
At one time the group "Grateful Dead" were called "The Warlocks."
Bats can detect food up to 18 feet away and what type of insect the food may be using their sense of echolocation
At the equator the Earth spins at about 1,038 miles per hour
People whose mouth has a narrow roof are more likely to snore. This is because they have less oxygen going through their nose
In one day, a human sheds 10 billion skin flakes. This amounts to approximately two kilograms in a year
On average, an American home has 3-10 gallons of hazardous materials
On average, 35 meters of hair fibre is produced on the adult scalp
Dalmatian puppies do not have any spots on them when they are born. They actually develop them as they get older
Male goats will pee on each other in order to attract mates
A dog by the name of Laika was launched into space aboard the Russian spacecraft Sputnik 2 in 1957
In 2002, dogs have killed more people in the U.S. than the Great White shark has killed in the past 100 years
The study of twins is known as gemellology
On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper right-hand corner of the "1" encased in the "shield" and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner
During one seven year period, Thomas Edison obtained approximately three hundred patents. In is whole life he obtained over one thousand patents.
When Black Jack Ketchum was hung back in 1901 in Clayton New Mexico, the noose actually ended up taking his head off. The head had to be sewn back on so Black Jack could be buried properly
Every 40,000 children are killed by fires
The highest recorded speed of a sneeze is 165 km per hour
In 1985, a pregnant women was falsely accused of shoplifting a basketball
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere
The adult electric eel can produce a five hundred volt shock, which is enough to stun a horse
When the are in danger, kangaroos will beat the ground loudly with their hind feet
To manufacture a new car approximately 148,000 liters of water is needed.
In 410 A.D. Alaric the Visigoth demanded that Rome give him three thousand pounds of pepper as ransom
Actress Jamie Lee Curtis invented a special diaper for babies that has a pocket
Honeybees use the sun as a compass which helps them navigate
An average driver spends approximately 2 hours and 14 minutes kissing in their car in a lifetime
In gangster slang, a boxing match that is fixed is called a "barney."
In 75% of American households, women manage the money and pay the bills
In a year, an average person uses the toilet 2500 times a year
A honey bee has four wings
The Bank of America was originally called the Bank of Italy until the founder, Amedeo Giannini, changed the name in 1930
Other than London, Liverpool is the most filmed British city, and was used to film more than 140 films in 2002
The body of the average baby is 75% water
A Chinese Scientist discovered that the Earth is round during the Han Dynasty by measuring the sun and moon's path in the sky. He recorded this fact down in the imperial records but went unnoticed until it was unearthed recently but Chinese archaeologists.
Each year, Americans throw away 25 trillion Styrofoam cups
There are more than 2,000 different varieties of cheese in the world
On average, Guinness sells 7 million glasses of beer a day
An artist from Chicago named Dwight Kalb created a statue of Madonna made out of 180 pounds of ham
Reports from owners of cats and dogs indicate that 21% of dogs and 7% of cats snore
The scarlet tanager, a songbird native to Illinois, can eat as many as 2,100 gypsy-moth caterpillars in one hour
To make one raindrop of water, it takes approximately a million cloud droplets
At 120 miles per hour, a Formula One car generates so much downforce that it can drive upside down on the roof of a tunnel
The smallest bone in the human body is the stapes bone which is located in the ear
India used to be the richest country in the world until the British invasion in the early 17th Century
The first owner of the Marlboro Company died of lung cancer
Some African tribes refer to themselves as "motherhoods" instead of families
Between 1902 and 1907, the same tiger killed 434 people in India
The word vaccine comes from the Latin word "vacca," which means cow. This name was chosen beacause the first vaccination was derived from cowpox which was given to a boy
James Bond is also known as Mr. Kiss-Kiss-Bang-Bang
A snail can crawl across a razor blade without getting injured. This is possible because they excrete a slime that protects them
Behram, an Indian thug, holds the record for most murders by a single individual. He strangled 931 people between 1790-1840 with a piece of yellow and white cloth, called a ruhmal. The most murders by a woman are 612, by Countess Erzsebet Bathory of Hungary
Approximately 97.35618329% of all statistics are made up
The largest spider ever was the Megarachne which had a diameter of 50 cm. The fossil was found in Argentina
In Russia, when flowers are given for a romantic occasions, flowers are given in odds numbers as even number of flowers is given at funerals only
Next to man, the porpoise is the most intelligent creature on earth
The hippopotamus has the capability to remain underwater for as long as twenty-five minutes
The Australian box-jellyfish has eight eyes
In 1916, an elephant was tried and hung for murder in Erwin, Tennessee
A sheep, a duck and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon
The liquid inside young coconuts can be used as substitute for blood plasma
In the UK, one third of accidental deaths that happen occur in the home
After the U.S Civil War, about 33%-50% of all U.S. paper currency in circulation was counterfeit
Michael Jordan makes more money from Nike annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined
The Hawaiian alphabet only has 12 letters
Tycho Brahe, a 16th century astronomer, lost his nose in a duel with one of his students over a mathematical computation. He wore a silver replacement nose for the rest of his life
Termites do more damage in the U.S. ever year than all the fires, storms and earthquakes combined. They do an average of $750 million in damage annually
Burger King restaurants serve over 400 million ounces of orange juice annually
Each year the Pentagon estimates their computer network is hacked about 250,000 times annually
The first president to ride in an airplane was Franklin Roosevelt
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the "American Pie." (Thus the name of the Don McLean song.)
A tree in metropolitan area will survive for approximately eight years
The only flying saucer launch pad in the world is located in St. Paul, Alberta, Canada
The sex of a baby crocodile is determined by the temperature in the nest and how deeply the eggs are buried
Polar bears are left handed
Food can only be tasted if it is mixed with saliva
Walter Hunt patented the safety pin in 1849. He later sold the patent rights for only $400.
The coliseum in Rome was used regularly for about 400 years
Children laugh about 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average only 15 times a day
The first formal rules for playing the sport of baseball required the winning team to score 21 runs
The University of Plymouth was the first university to offer a degree in surfing
Retail sales for soft drinks in the United States in 2001 were more than sixty billion dollars
Hens will produce larger eggs as they grow older
In Quebec, Canada, an old law states that margarine must be a different colour than butter
In the United States, about 33% of land is covered by forests
Lemons contain more sugar than strawberries
Shridhar Chillal from India is known to have the record for the longest fingernails in the world, which were each at least three feet long
In 1905, Chapman and Skinner in San Francisco invented the first portable electric vacuum.
Minimum wage was 0.25 per hour when it was first enacted in 1938
The conjunctiva is a membrane that covers the human eye
In 1785, the city of Paris removed bones from cemeteries to ease the overflow of dead people. They took these bones and stacked them in tunnels now known as the Catacombs. You can visit these tunnel attractions and work your way along long corridors, which are stacked with skulls and bones
It is estimated that over fifty-four million people died in World War II, which was the bloodiest war in history
Arabic numerals were not invented by Arabs, but were invented in India by the Hindus
Each year in America there are about 300,000 deaths that can be attributed to obesity
The first ever "World Summit on Toilets" was held in Singapore in November 2001
Humphrey Bogart was related to Princess Diana
Researchers have developed odourless socks. The sock fabric is made by attaching molecules that contain chlorine called halamines to textile fibers
Alexandre Gustave Eiffel, the man who designed the Eiffel Tower, also designed the inner structure of the Statue of Liberty in New York Harbour
In the 1985 Boise, Idaho mayoral election, there were four write-in votes for Mr. Potato Head
MS-DOS was originally calle QDOS and was bought of the author by Microsoft for a small fee. The rest is history
Marilyn Monroe had six toes
The Roman emperor Commodus was at one time going to change the name of Rome to Colonia Commodiana
The state of Alaska has almost twice as many caribou as people
Another way to say "every 9 years" is Novennial
In the spring of 1975, a baby in Detroit fell 14 stories and landed on Joseph Figlock, who was walking below. A few years later it happened again. Figlock and both babies survived
Close to fifty percent of Internet shoppers spend over five hours a week online
Los Angeles is the most polluted city in the USA
For people that are lactose intolerant, chocolate aids in helping milk digest easier
Using recycled aluminum cans and making news cans out of them saves 75% energy compared to making it from new material.
In a year, Americans eat approximately 20 billion pickles
Althaiophobia is the fear of marshmallows
There are are roughly 100 million single adults living in the USA
In the year 2000, there were approximately 11,000 injuries that were treated in a hospital in the U.S. that resulted from fireworks
Brazil is the largest producers of oranges in the world
4% of an apples is made up of minerals and vitamins, and over 80% is made up of water
From all the oxygen that a human breathes, twenty percent goes to the brain
In 1902, the coat hanger was invented Albert Parkhouse who was frustrated at the lack of hooks available to hang up his coat at work. His company thought it was a good idea and patented the invention and unfortunately, Parkhouse never received any money for his idea
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes
The longest game of Monopoly played underwater is 45 days
In WWII, when allied armies reached the Rhine River the first thing men did was pee in it. This was pretty universal from the lowest private to Winston Churchill (who made a big show of it). Gen. Patton had himself photographed in the act
Peaches were once known as Persian apples
Dustin Phillips of the U.S. has the record for ketchup drinking. He drank a 14-ounce bottle of tomato ketchup through a ? inch straw in 33 seconds on September 23, 1999
Ninety-five percent of tropical fish sold in North America originate from Florida
The blackberry bush is also called the "bramble."
The city of Tokyo was originally called Edo
The sun shrinks five feet every hour
There have been 191 coops in Bolivia since it became a sovereign country in 1825
During World War II, Kit Kat was unavailable due to milk shortages, so the chocolate bar was made without milk
The first TV commercial advertisement was by the Bulova Watch company on July 1, 1941. The watch company paid $9.00 for an announcement that was 10 seconds long
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated
A common custom in Spain is to eat one grape for each of the last 12 seconds of every year for good luck
Bill Gates began programming computers at age 13
Tobacco contains over 50 chemicals that can cause cancer
Sailors once thought that wearing a gold earring would improve their eyesight
The smallest bird in the world is the bee hummingbird. The bird is 2.24 inches long
A species of earthworm, "Megascolides australis," in Australia can grow up to fifteen feet in length
Hannibal, who was a soldier, had only one eye after getting a disease while attacking Rome
The full name of the Titanic ship is R.M.S. Titanic, which stands for Royal Mail Steamship
Electronic companies sell five times as many big-screen TVs during Super Bowl Week
Everyday approximately 35 meters of hair fibre is produced on the scalp of an adult
A U.S. company came out with a toilet night-light that sends out a green warning beacon when the seat is up
A little under one quarter of the people in the world are vegetarians
There are approximately 1300 species of scorpion but only 25 of them are deadly
An egg shell can have up to 17,000 tiny pores on its surface
A lifespan of an eyelash is approximately 150 days
66% of home based businesses are owned by women
There are approximately 60 muscles in the face
In 1924, Kleenex tissues were originally designed as a cold cream remover
A women from Berlin Germany has had 3,110 gallstones taken out of her gall bladder
Every second, 8000 Coca-Cola Company products are consumed in the world
If all the strawberries produced in California annually were put side by side, they would wrap around the Earth fifteen times
Devon, England has about 33,000 miles of hedgerows, more hedgerows than any other country
"Bookkeeper" is the only word in English language with three consecutive double letters
An average home creates more pollution than does the average car
Four out of five brides in the U.S. have a job
75-90% of primary physician visits are due to stress
The reason why the Canadian Arctic is called the "Land of the Midnight Sun" is because during the summer many communities have light 24 hours of the day. Many people have to cover their windows with tin foil to keep the light out when they sleep
On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament building is an American flag
Teenage cosmetic surgeries nearly doubled in the USA between 1996 and 1998
A rocket-like device can be traced back to Ancient Greece when a flying steam-powered pigeon was built out of wood.
The Cincinnati Reds are the oldest professional baseball team
In 1871, horse cars were introduced. It was simply a car that was pulled over a track by a horse.
High Priests in ancient Egypt were the only ones who were allowed to wear garments made from cotton
Kellogg?s started selling their most famous product, Corn Flakes, in 1906
Chocolate was used as medicine during the 18th century. It was believed that chocolate could cure a stomach ache
Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada has the largest bar per capita than anywhere else in the world
The Eiffel Tower was the tallest structure in the world before the construction of the Empire State Building in 1930
The first American celebration of St. Patricks Day was at Boston in 1737
The name of the popular sports drink Gatorade was named for the University of Florida Gators where it was developed
The largest employer in Central Florida is Walt Disney World. There are approximately 50,000 people working there
In his youth, United States president George W. Bush used to play for the Midland (Texas) Central Little League. He played the position of the catcher
The number of births that occur in India each year is higher than the entire population of Australia
Bobby Carpenter was the first American player to score 50 goals in a season
The word, tattoo originated from the Tahitain word "tattau" which means "to mark."
There was no punctuation until the 15th century
All babies are colour blind when they are born
Rocky Mountain spotted fever is a disease caused by ticks
There are approximately 9,000 taste buds on the tongue
A fetus starts to develop fingerprints at the age of eight weeks
The reason why your nose gets runny when you are crying is because the tears from the eyes drain into the nose
Gorillas can catch human colds and other illnesses
On October 15, 1794, the first silver dollar coins were released to be circulated to the public
In one day, the Tootsie Roll Industry makes over 16 million lollipops
In many of the milk ads that are shown, a mix of thinner and white paint is used instead of milk
Baskin Robbins once made ketchup ice cream. This was the only vegetable flavoured ice cream produced. However, they discontinued it since they thought it would not sell well
In an year, an average person makes 1,140 phone calls
The strike note of the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is e-flat
A Connecticut Toy maker, Herobuilders, sells action figures of President George W. Bush, Islamic militant Osama bin Laden, New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and British Prime Minister Tony Blair, which are all major figures tied to the September 11, 2001 WTC attacks
Majority of brides plan their wedding for approximately 7 to 12 months
The word assassination was invented by William Shakespeare
Benjamin Franklin invented the rocking chair.
Persia changed its name to Iran in 1935
In the wild, the poinsettia flower can reach a height of 12 feet, and have leaves that are eight inches across.
Construction workers hard hats were first invented and used in the building of the Hoover Dam in 1933.
A study indicates that smokers are likely to die on average six and a half years earlier than non-smokers
On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament building is an American flag
TYPEWRITER, is one of the longest words that can be made using the letters only one row of the keyboard
Bill Gates donated close to $100 million to fight AIDS in India. As a percent of his total wealth, this would be comparable to him donating ten cents if he only had $60
In the U.S. there is, on average, three sex change operations per day
The American Airlines Sports Center, in Dallas, has most toilets per capita than any other sports and entertainment venue in the USA
In 1999, a three headed turtle was discovered by Lin Chi-Fa in his pond in Southern Taiwan
Approximately one out of every 55 women from Canada give birth in their car on the way to the hospital or clinic
The first United States president to visit China was Richard Nixon
The most popular show amongst baby boomers is Star Trek.
The first jet engine was invented by Frank Whittleof of England in 1930.
In a day, an elephant can drink 80 gallons of water
The term "the whole 9 yards" came from WWII fighter pilots in thePacific. When arming their airplanes on the ground, the .50 calibermachine gunammo belts measured exactly 27 feet, before being loaded into thefuselage. If the pilots fired all their ammo at a target, it got "the whole 9yards."
In 1948 and 1950 the oldest ears of popping corn were discovered. They were located in the Bat Cave of west central New Mexico. They ranged in size from smaller than a penny to approximately two inches, and were about 4,000 years old
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross
It cost the soft drink industry $100 million a year for thefts committed involving vending machines
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sports games (MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL) are the day before and the day after the Major League All-Star Game
Watermelon is considered a good gift to give a host in Japan and China
The planet Venus spins opposite to the other planets in the solar system
During a typical human life span, the human heart will beat approximately 2.5 billion times
Frog-eating bats identify edible frogs from poisonous ones by listening to the mating calls of male frogs. Frogs counter this by hiding and using short, difficult to locate calls
Dieting can cause bad breath since less saliva is produced which leads to dry mouth
At lift off, US space shuttles weight about 4.5 million pounds.
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches
When an orange is shown in any of the "Godfather" movies, this means that someone is about to die or a close call is to occur.
Doctors in Canada use an adhesive similar to Krazy Glue instead of stitches, lowering the possibility of bacterial infection and minimizing scarring
Soil that is heated by geysers are now making it possible to produce bananas in Iceland
Chameleon is derived from the Greek, meaning "little lion."
The name Aspirin was invented from "A" in acetyl chloride. The "spir" comes from spiraea ulmaria which is the plant that they got the salicylic acid from, and the "in" was used because back then it was popular to end the name of medicines with "in."
About 30% of Canadians rely on getting their water from the ground for their domestic use
The eye of a human can distinguish 500 shades of the gray
There is a town in Norway called "Hell"
Most heart attacks occur between the hours of 8 and 9 am
No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds
May babies are on average 200 grams heavier than babies born in other months
Gloucestershire airport in England used to blast Tina Turner songs on its runways to scare birds away
The first German car to be built solely outside of Germany is the BMW Z3.
In China, fish is eaten more than three times what it is in the United States
The United Parcel Service shipped the killer whale Keiko (star of Disney movie "Free Willy") from Mexico City to Newport, Oregon in 1998
Hippos can live up to 40 years in the wild
The windiest place in the world is Mount Washington, New Hampshire, USA. The highest wind was on April 12, 1934 when it reached 231 mph.
The first restaurant to open in Hollywood was the Musso & Frank Grill in 1919
Corn Flakes were invented after Will Keith Kellogg and his brother Dr. John Harvey Kellogg set about developing a nutritious cereal for the patients of a health resort in 1890
The three wealthiest families in the world have more assets than the combined wealth of the forty-eight poorest nations
Huge Moore, the inventor of Dixie cups got the idea for the name from a neighboring factory, the Dixie Doll Company
The turkey was once nominated to be the official bird of the United States
In 1958 the United States sent three mice into space named, Mia, Laska and Benji
On average, Americans spend five times more of their time in their cars than they do on vacation
Natural gas does not have any odor. In order to detect a gas leak, some gas companies add a chemical that smells similar like rotten eggs.
Spiders have claws at the ends of their legs
Warner Brothers Corset Company created the bra cup sizing system, which is now used universally used by manufacturers
In the U.S. 7 out of 10 homes use candles
Daytime dramas are called Soap Operas because they were originally used to advertise soap powder. In America in the early days of TV, advertisers would write stories around the use of their soap powder
It takes approximately 12 years for Jupiter to orbit the sun
98% of houses in the United States have at least one television set
Reserves from the Irish army were used as extras in the movie "Braveheart."
80% of people that are on weight loss programs exercise on average three times a week
The first Valentine candy box was invented by Richard Cadbury in the 1800's.
An olive tree can live up to 1500 years
96% of people put the peanut butter on first when making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
Scientists have actually performed brain surgery on cockroaches
Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly than the U.S. Treasury
The Atlantic Ocean is saltier than the Pacific Ocean
By donating just one pint of blood, four lives can be saved
The biggest hamburger that was served was 8,266 pounds. It was made at the Burger Fest in Seymour, Wisconsin
The electric chair was invented by a dentist
Pilgrims did not eat potatoes for Thanksgiving as they thought they were poisonous
On average, a hen lays 300 eggs per year
BluBlocker sunglasses were developed with lenses that were used in the NASA space program for American astronauts
Pearls melt in vinegar
There are an estimated 2,500 collisions between birds and planes each year in the US
Richard Millhouse Nixon was the first US president whose name contains all the letters from the word "criminal." The second? William Jefferson Clinton
A chicken is 75% water
If you keep a Goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white
During his lifetime, artist Vincent Van Gogh only sold one of his paintings (The Red Vineyard)
Coffee has about five times the amount of caffeine as a can of Coke
It takes the Hubble telescope about 97 minutes to complete an orbit of the Earth. On average, the Hubble uses the equivilent amount of energy as 30 household lightbulbs to complete an orbit.
Approximately 850 peanuts make a 18 oz jar of peanut butter
The age of a saguaro cactus is calculated by its height
The most expensive animated movie is "Prince of Egypt", which cost $70 million to make
Koalas sleep up to 19 hours a day
The oldest roller coaster in the world is the Leap-The-Dips roller coaster located in Lakemont Park in Pennsylvania. The roller coaster was built in 1902
There are three golf balls sitting on the moon
You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
When Heinz ketchup leaves the bottle, it travels at a rate of 25 milesper year.
The story of Mulan had been told in China for almost 1,500 years before Disney decided to make it into an animated movie
The name Santa Claus came from Saint Nicholas who was a bishop in the town of Myra, and was known to be very nice to children
Microsoft made $16,005 in revenue in its first year of operation
At the 1960 Winter Olympic Games, Walt Disney was head of the committee that organized the opening day ceremonies
No other animal gives us more by-products than the hog. These by-products include pig suede, buttons, glass, paint brushes, crayons, chalk, and insulation to name a few
The ruby red slippers in the movie "The Wizard of Oz" were sold off at an auction for $660,000
40 percent of the almonds in the world are used by manufacturers of chocolate
It takes eight and a half minutes for light to get from the sun to earth.
Olives, which grow on trees, were first cultivated 5,000 years ago in Syria
A person infected with the SARS virus, has a 95-98% chance of recovery
When explorers first arrived in Venezuela, they were reminded of Venice. They named the country "Little Venice", which translated into Spanish is Venezuela
Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister
Between 12%-15% of the population is left-handed
When a polar bear cub is born, it can not see or hear. It takes approximately a month for the cub to start to see and hear
Girls have more tastebud than boys
Dandelion root can be roasted and ground as a coffee substitute
Platypuses mate in the water
Julie Nixon, daughter of Richard Nixon married David Eisenhower, grandson of Dwight Eisenhower
The microwave oven was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
The candlefish is so oily that it was once burned for fuel
A flea can jump 150 times its size. That is the same as a person able to jump up 1,000 feet in the air
Morihei Ueshiba, founder of Aikido, once pinned an opponent using only a single finger
The game of squash originated in the United Kingdom. It came about after a few boys, who were waiting for their turn to play racquets, knocked a ball around in a confined area adjoining the racquets court
Coca-Cola was originally green
When opossums are playing 'possum, they are not "playing." Theyactually pass out from sheer terror.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television
Lady Bugs really are not bugs. They are actually beetles and their correct name is The Ladybird Beetle
The name Reebok was named after the African Gazelle
The average human scalp has 100,000 hairs
New Jersey has a spoon museum that has over 5,400 spoons from across the world
Hydrogen is the most common atom in the universe
There is a town named Dildo in the province of Newfoundland, Canada
For every human in the world there are one million ants
The word "nerd" was first coined by Dr. Suess in the book "If I Ran to the Zoo."
The postage rate for a letter in 1693 was determined through how much light could pass through the letter. The postage rate would be more expensive if less light went through, and this process was called candling
The Sears Tower located in Chicago, Illinois is made up 76,000 tons of steel
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots
There are more recreational golfers per capita in Canada than any other country in the world
Hitler and Napolean both had only one testical
The largest bill U.S. bill made is for $100,000
Playwright Shakespeare was only 18 years old when he married Ann Hathaway, who was 26 years old at the time
Wherever a person is standing in the state of Michigan in the United States, they are within 85 miles of one of the Great Lakes
It only takes a male horse 14 seconds to copulate
The driest place on earth is Calama, in the Atacama Desert in Chile
After being picked an orange cannot ripen
The stomach of an adult can hold 1.5 liters of material
On average, a whole chicken from the grocery store weighs 3 pounds 12 ounces
A galactic year is 250 million Earth-years. This is the time it takes for our solar system to make one revolution around the Milky Way Galaxy.
Singer Paula Abdul used to be a cheerleader for the Los Angeles Lakers
Fossilized bird droppings are one of the chief exports of Nauru, an island nation in the Western Pacific
Water expands 9% when it is frozen
The first toilet tank ever seen on television was on Leave it to Beaver
The origin of apples traces back to the Middle East over 4,000 years ago
The colours yellow, red, and orange are used in fast food restaraunts because those are the colours that stimulate hunger
99% of pumpkins that are sold are sold for decoration
On Sunday, December 7, 1941 at 7:55 AM, the attack on Pearl Harbor commenced
If all the cars from the U.S. were taken and lined up from bumper to bumper, there would be enough cars to go to the moon from earth and back.
The elephant is the national animal of Thailand
A Canadian Tour company offers a two-day course in igloo building
Dairy cows can produce 20 to 35 gallons of saliva a day
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
When the Pez mint dispenser was first introduced it was meant to replace the activity of smoking
Gardening is said to be one of the best exercises for maintaining healthy bones
The speed of sound must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom.
A B-25 bomber airplane crashed into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building on July 28, 1945
Over 600,000 people died as a result of the Spanish influenza epidemic
From all the vegetables, beets contain the most sugar
Smelling bananas can help a person lose weight
In Miami, Florida, roosting vultures have taken to snatching poodles from rooftop patios
Only female mosquitoes bite humans. Male mosquitoes live on natural liquids from plants and other resources
An estimated 690 million people live in Africa
The difference between horns and antlers is that horns never stop growing and antlers shed and grow every year
African Baobab tree's circumference can reach 180 feet. If the trunk is hollow, 20 people would be able to fit inside of it.
On average, the Pentagon uses 666 rolls of toilet paper in one day
The USS Abraham Lincoln has five gymnasiums on the ship and a basketball league with 22 teams
Found in Argentina, the ornate horned frog can eat an entire mouse with one swallow
Great Britain was the first country to issue postage stamps in 1840
During World War II, there was not enough sugar in the U.S. to make candy as it was sent to the troops overseas. At this time, popcorn was consumed three times more than its usual amount
The most famous movie theatre is the "Chinese Theatre" located in Los Angeles, USA
In the U.S., the sport that causes the most injuries among the age group of 15-24 is basketball
Oscar Wilde and his friends came up the with the word "dude." It came from the words "duds" and "attitude."
By weight, the sun is 70% hydrogen, 28% helium, 1.5% carbon, nitrogen, and oxygen, and 0.5% all other elements.
Melba toast is named after an Australian opera singer Dame Nellie Melba
Astronomers once believed a planet named Vulcan existed between Mercury and the Sun
Talc was used by cavemen 15,000 years ago as an ingredient added to make paint
Ants do not sleep
The only married couple to fly together in space were Jan Davis and Mark Lee, who flew aboard the Endeavor space shuttle from Sept 12-20, 1992
Valentina Tereshkova was the first woman to enter space. She spent three days in space and completed forty-eight orbits of Earth
More than 3000 years ago children played with circular hoops made with grape vines. This toy was swung around the waist. Years later this toy was made by company called Wham-O and the Hula-Hoop was invented in 1958
The first subway system in America was built in Boston, Massachusetts in 1897.
Owls swallow their prey whole because they have no teeth. After approximately 12 hours they cough up the feathers, bones, and fur in a shape of a football pellet
Sharks have survived on earth for about 400 million years
Ukrainian monk, Dionysius Exiguus, created the modern day Christian calendar
The revenue that is generated from gambling is more than the revenue that comes from movies, cruise ships, recorded music, theme parks, and spectator sports combined
Every 30 seconds a house fire doubles in size
An alligator has about 80 teeth in its mouth at one time. An alligator can go through 3,000 teeth in a lifetime
A starfish can turn its stomach inside out
The story of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer was written in 1939 for a store promotion by an advertising employee of the department store Montgomery Ward
Actor Charlie Chaplin made 81 movies over a career that spanned 50 years
The music group Simply Red got its name from band member Mick Hucknall, who has red hair
Every three minutes a woman is diagnosed with breast cancer
The lifespan of a rhinoceros is generally 50 years
41% of women apply body or hand moisturizer a minimum three times a day
The largest ice cream sundae was made with 4,667 gallons of ice cream, was 12 feet high and had 7000 pounds of toppings on it. This was made in Anaheim, California in 1985
The name of the award given to honor the best sites on the Internet is called "The Webby Award."
The United States Mint once considered producing donut-shaped coins.
A Hungarian named Ladislo Biro invented the first ballpoint pen in 1938.
Adolf Hitler loved chocolate cake
Many years ago, a fish was caught that was 33 inches long and seemed to be heavier than it should. When they cut the fish, fishermen found a full of bottle of ale inside it
George Washington grew hemp in his garden
In New York City, approximately 1,600 people are bitten by other humans annually
In 1980, Saddam Hussein received a key to the city of Detroit
The song "Strawberry Fields Forever" sung by the Beatles refers to an orphanage located in Liverpool
False Bay, on the southern tip of Africa and close to Cape Town, South Africa, is a breeding ground for great white sharks, which feed off the thousands of seals in the bay. However, it is the only area in the known world in which these sharks are known to breach - they attack the seals by coming up vertically, often leaping clear of the water with their prey in their mouths
In 1952, the first TV toy commercial aired. It was for Mr. Potato Head
In the United States, approximately seven billion pounds of chocolate and candy are manufactured each year
Mules have one horse and one donkey for a parent
On average, 350 squirts are needed from milking a cow to make a gallon of milk
On average, a baby in the United States will eat fifteen pounds of cereal in their first year of life
The name Hasbro was invented by the name of the founders: HASsenfeld BROthers
Percentage of Africa that is wilderness: 28%. Percentage of North America that is wilderness: 38%
Due to sugar shortages to make candy during World War II, movie theatre owners turned to popcorn, which is now the best selling snack at movie theatres today
A group of whales is called a pod or gam
Even though a polar bears fur looks white it is actually colourless and is made with hollow tubes. The reason the bear looks white is because the rough inner surface of the tubes make light scatter and reflect at many different angles which gives the white appearance
There is a type of coffin made that can be used as a wine rack or picnic table before its final use
One gallon of used motor oil can ruin approximately one million gallons of fresh water
After the Eiffel Tower was built, one person was killed during the installation of the lifts. No one was killed during the actual construction of the tower
Approximately 87% of dog owners say that when they watch T.V. their dog curls up beside them or at their feet
Bernd Eilts, a German artist, turns dried cow manure into wall clocks and small sculptures. He is now expanding his business to include cow dung wrist watches
People who meet their calcium need reduce their risk of developing kidney stones
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
The human heart weighs less than a pound
The first Life Saver flavour, which was peppermint, was invented in 1912 and it was called Pep-O-Mint
The average life span of a peasant during the medieval ages was 25 years
Before 1859, baseball umpires were seated in padded chairs behind home plate
On February 10, 1964 the first self-adhesive stamps were issued
The ocean sunfish can produce thirty million eggs at once
The highest point in France is Mont Blanc, located in the Alps.
The American Automobile association was formed in 1905 for the sole purpose of warning motorists of police speed traps
Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are fifty years of age or older
In England, a cigarette is referred to as a fag
If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar
In 1980, there was only one country in the world with no telephones - Bhutan
Moscow was founded in 1147 by Yury Dolgoruky
In 1976, fourteen banks merged to form a bank credit card called "Mastercharge." This was later renamed to what is now know as "Mastercard."
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating 1 olive from each salad served in first-class
There are over 500 different types of bananas
In 1848, the first American pasta factory opened in Brooklyn, New York. The name of the man that opened it was Antoine Zerega
Albert Einstein was cremated and his ashes were spread over a river located in New Jersey
Your right lung takes in more air than your left one does
Men are four times more likely to be struck by lightning than women
The longest acceptance speech in the history of the Oscars was by Greer Garson in 1942. She received an Oscar for Best Actress for the movie Mrs. Miniver, and her speech was five minutes and 30 seconds long
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older
Octopi change colours when they become frightened. Normally they are a brownish colour, but can change to green or blue when fear sets in
A "gelotologist" is a person who studies laughter
A 13-year-old boy in India produced winged beetles in his urine after hatching the eggs in his body
Fat is important for the development of children and normal growth
The state of California has more 7-Eleven stores than any other state. There are approximately 1,200 stores
The deepest underwater penguin dive is 1,772 feet by an Emperor Penguin
38% of Americans eat breakfast everyday
There are over 100 styles of BluBlocker sunglasses available on the market
When a predator is chasing an impala, a type of antelope, it runs in a zig zag formation jumping as high as three metres
David Rice Atchinson was President of the United States for exactly one day. This happened due to a glitch in American law at the time. new
To make one glass of orange juice, 50 glasses of water are needed to grow enough oranges to make the juice
Penguins can jump as high as 6 feet in the air
Tomatina is the legendary Spanish tomato-throwing festival held in Bunol, Spain
Pigs have no sweat glands, which is why they stay in water or mud to keep cool
There is no element on Mendeleev's (the current) periodic table of elements abbreviated, either partially, or fully, with the letter J.
One of the Bond girls in the James Bond movie, "For Your Eyes Only," used to be a man
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket
In February 1878, the first telephone book was published in New Haven, Connecticut. The book was one page long and had fifty names in it.
Only President to win a Pulitzer: John F. Kennedy for "Profiles in Courage"
Roman emperors ate flamingo tongues which were considered a delicacy. Also parrotfish livers, and pheasant brains were feasted on
In 2002, the most popular car color in North America was silver.
Forty percent of Americans iron their clothes while wearing their underwear or being completely naked
About 85% or product warning labels on household products are inadequate
The largest volcano known is on Mars: Olympus Mons, 370 miles wide and 79,000 feet high, is almost three times higher than Mount Everest
Mexican jumping beans jump because of moth larvae inside the bean
Women blink nearly twice as much as men
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush
There are 691 drinking fountains in the Pentagon
Author Robert May considered the names of Reginald and Rollo before he settled on "Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer."
A study concludes that kids who snore do poorly in school
When snakes are born with two heads, they fight each other for food
Chocolate maker Cadbury uses more than sixty thousand tonnes of cocoa each year, in the United Kingdom alone
There are more pigs than humans in Denmark
A human eyeball weighs an ounce
The "Mexican Hat Dance" is the official dance of Mexico
The first open heart surgery was performed by Dr. Daniel Hall Williams in 1893
The DNA of humans is closer to a rat than a cat
Peladophobia refers to the fear of bald people
One Neptune year lasts 165 Earth years
In the U.S., 75% of the pencils sold are painted yellow
A person that is struck by lightning has a greater chance of developing motor neurone disease
In Canada, the $1 and $2 come in the form of coins. The $1 is nicknamed a "loonie" because it contains a loon on it and the $2 is nicknamed the "twonie" because it is the equivalent of two "loonies."
Singer Michael Jackson owns the rights to the South Carolina State anthem
On average a business document is copied 19 times
Pigeons can see ultraviolet lights
The list of ingredients that make up lipstick include fish scales
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs inthe air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg inthe air,the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horsehasall four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States
An average person consumes the equivalent of 26 gallons of milk a year, including almost 28 pounds of cheese
65% of the candy that is produced in an year is consumed by American adults 18 years and older
The little circles of paper that are cut out after a paper has been punched by a hole puncher are called "chad."
Teflon is the most slipperiest substance in the world
The lifespan of a firefly is about seven days. During these days, they are busy trying to find a mate
A crocodile can run up to a speed of 11 miles per hour
Fried spiders taste like nuts
In one day, adult lungs move about 10,000 litres of air
Cows do not have any upper front teeth. Instead they have a thick pad on the top jaw
On average, Americans move to a new place eleven times in their lifetime
Energy is being wasted if a toaster is left plugged in after use
The Golden Gate Bridge was first opened in 1937
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange,silver or purple
In an episode of the 1962 cartoon The Jestons, Jane Jetson is talking through a video phone. The phone number of The Jetsons was VENUS-1234
Trees that are near street lights do not shed their leaves as fast as a tree that is in the country
No president of the United States was an only child
7-Eleven is the largest retail chain in the world. Click Here For More Details
A Singapore singing group by the name of "The Oriental Singers," sang non-stop for 74 hours and five minutes
Every 25 miles a car produces one pound of pollution.
There was a molasses flood in Boston on January 15, 1919 that killed 21 people and injured 150 people
There are over one billion people that are actively involved in rice growth
On April 4, 1974, John Massis of Belgium pulled two New York Long Island railroad passenger cars totaling 80 tons with a thick rope, with a small bit attached, using only his teeth
The oldest major soft drink in America is Dr. Pepper, which originated in Waco, Texas in 1885
Hockey pucks were originally made from frozen cow dung
In L.A., U.S.A., a man may legally beat his wife with a leather strap, as long as it is less than 2 inches wide
The Arctic Tern, which is a small bird, can fly a round trip from the Arctic to the Antarctic and back. This can be as long as twenty thousand miles per year. This is the longest migration for a bird
The word "America" comes from the European explorer "Amerigo Vespucci
Over 100 million birds die annually by crashing into glass windows in the United States
Thomas Edison, the inventor of the light bulb was afraid of the dark
In 1933, Mickey Mouse is believed to have received 800,000 fan letters
Male rabbits are called "bucks," females are "does."
It took eleven years to built the Taj Mahal, (1632-1643)
Mangos are known throughout the world as the "King of Fruits."
The temperature of milk when it is coming out of a cow is about 36 degrees celsius
Wild Flamingos are pink because they consume vast quantities of algae and brine shrimp
The word "diastema" is the word for having a gap between your teeth
While digging, an Armadillo can hold its breath for up to six minutes
Of all the restaurants that are opened, 90% of them fail in the first year. Of the remaining ones that survive, 90% of those fail in the second year
The sun is approximately 75% hydrogen, 25% helium by mass
When a porcupine is born, its quills are soft and mostly white, but harden within hours
Since 1978, at least 37 people have died as a result of shaking vending machines, in an attempt to get free merchandise. More than 100 people have been injured
The first drug to be sold in the form of a tablet is Aspirin
The original name for butterfly was flutterby
There are approximately 100,000 miles of blood vessels in the human body
Great White sharks have about 3,000 teeth
Former U.S. President Franklin Pierce was arrested during his term as President for running over an old lady with his horse, but the charges were later dropped
The world record for time without sleep is 264 hours (11 days) by Randy Gardner in 1965
The giant squid is the largest animal without a backbone
There is enough water in American swimming pools to cover the whole city of San Francisco seven feet deep
215 jeans can be made with one bale of cotton
Hawaiian alphabet has 12 letters
Pineapples were first introduced into Europe by Christopher Columbus
When a women is pregnant, her senses are all heightened
The Food and Drug Administration says the most common injury from cosmetics comes from scratching the eye with a mascara wand
It has been medically been proven that laughter is an effective pain killer
Cataloupes are named after the gardens of Cantaloupe, Italy where some belive this melon was first grown
In the 13th century, quality standards for paste were assigned by the Pope
In a year, the average person walks four miles to make his or her bed
The first television broadcast of the Oscars took place in 1953, hosted by Bob Hope on NBC
Most snakes have six rows of teeth
NASDAQ stand for, "National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations."
An average women has 17 square feet of skin. When a women is in her ninth month of pregnancy she has 18.5 square feet of skin
The average American eats 35,000 cookies in his/her lifetime
The greatest snowfall ever in a single storm was 189 inches at the Mount Shasta Ski Bowl in February, 1959.
French astronomer Adrien Auzout had once considered building a telescope that was 1,000 feet long in the 1600s. He thought the magnification would be so great, he would see animals on the moon
The first email was sent out by Ray Tomlinson in 1971
The city of Chicago has the only post office in the world where you can drive your car through
The most overdue book in the world was borrowed from Sidney Sussex College in Cambridge, England and was returned 288 years later
The average person can live about a month without eating any food, but can only live about a week without water
There are about 34,000 species of spiders
In 1968, Abbie Hoffman played with a yo-yo while testifying before a congressional committee. He was found in contempt
The biggest candy eaters are the Dutch, who average 65 pounds of candy per person in a year
55,700 people in the US are injured by jewelry each year
The first owner of the Marlboro Company, Wayne McLaren, died of lung cancer
American President Calvin Coolidge (1923-1929) used to like Vaseline being rubbed on his head while he ate breakfast in bed
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, and purple
There was a 19th century Native American tribal chief who went under the name, "Not Able to Fornicate."
98% of brown bears in the United States are in Alaska
In 1657, the first chocolate house was opened in London, England
The Xerox company was initially called the Haloid Company
On average, Americans spend 33% of their life sleeping
One out of every five births in the United States are delivered by Cesarean section
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die
Studies indicate that surgeons who listen to music while they operate improve in their performance
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark
Thailand used to be called Siam
A sneeze can travel as fast as one hundred miles per hour
The Pentagon cost $49,600,000 to build in 1941
Desert snails can stay in their shell for up to three years
In the 19th century, it was common practice for a Japanese woman to dye their teeth black. They believed that this enhanced sex appeal and maintained healthier teeth
The revolving door was invented in 1888, by Theophilus Van Kannel.
The Lion King is the top grossing Disney movie of all-time with domestic gross intake of $312 million
The state that grows the most cranberries is Wisconsin. More than 300 million pounds of cranberries are grown in Wisconsin
The smallest frog is the "Brazilian baby frog", which is smaller than a dime
The idea of Christmas cards was invented by Englishman Henry Cole in 1843
Air is passed through the nose at a speed of 100 miles per hour when a person sneezes
A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born
Britons eat over 22,000 tonnes of french fries a week
People from the United States eat the most chicken per person than anywhere else in the world
Sanskrit is considered as the mother of all higher languages. This is because it is the most precise, and therefore suitable language for computer software
The origins of the soldier term "G.I." is an abbreviation for "Government Issue," which was stamped on all government kits supplied to recruits in the US Army during World War II
Watermelons are a popular gift to bring to a host in China or Japan
Beethoven used to take hay baths to remedy the swelling he used to get in his legs
On average Americans spend 18% of their income on transportation
Of all the words Dr. Seuss made up in his storybooks, only one has stuck in the English vocabulary: grinch, which is refers to a killjoy -- and it took more than 20 years
Montreal has an underground city, which has over 2,000 shops and 26 kilometres of walkways. This is the largest underground network for any city
The official state mammal of Texas is the armadillo
The word Himalayas means the "home of snow."
A man filed a lawsuit against his doctor because he survived longer than what the doctor had predicted
One of the reasons marijuana is illegal today because cotton growers in the 30s lobbied against hemp farmers -- they saw it as competition. It is not chemically addictive as is nicotine, alcohol, or caffeine
It took approximately 2.5 million blocks to build the Pyramid of Giza, which is one of the Great Pyramids
The platypus uses its bill to find animals that it feeds on. Its bill can sense the tiny electric fields that their preys emit
Central Park located in New York has 125 drinking fountains
The largest school in the world is City Montessori School in India and has over 25,000 students in grade levels ranging from kindergarten to college
Washing machines use anywhere from 40 to 200 litres of water per load
Australia has had stamps that actually look like gems. In 1995 and 1996 they used a special technology to make the stamps look like diamonds and opals.
There are only four words in the English language which end in
Hummingbirds are the only animal that can fly backwards
In only eight minutes, the Space Shuttle can accelerate to a speed of 27,000 kilometres per hour.
In a study conducted regarding toilet paper usage, Americans are said to use the most toilet paper per trip to the bathroom, which was seven sheets of toilet paper per trip
German cockroaches can survive for up to one month without food and two weeks without water
George Washington had teeth made out of hippopotamus ivory
Americans write approximately 50 billion checks a year making it the second most frequent payment method used after cash
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns
The amount of aluminum that Americans throw out in three months is enough to rebuild all American commercial planes
Humans breathe in and out approximately one litre of air in ten seconds
The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar and England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes
British scientists have found evidence that heart attacks increase significantly for people who watch soccer penalty shoot-outs
Fine-grained volcanic ash can be found as an ingredient in some toothpaste
The most disliked vegetable by Americans is Brussels sprouts
The first ice hotel was built in Swedish Lapland
A myrmecologist studies ants
Rice is thrown at weddings as a symbol of fertility
More than 90% of shark attack victims survive
The average temperature on Earth is 15 degrees celcius.
To produce a dozen eggs, a hen has to eat about four pounds of feed
Pollsters say that 40 percent of dog and cat owners carry pictures of the pets in their wallets
When Coca-Cola began to be sold in China, they used characters that would sound like "Coca-Cola" when spoken. Unfortunately, what they turned out to mean was "Bite the wax tadpole". It did not sell well
In the United States, 80% of households have oatmeal in their kitchen
A cockroach can change directions up to 25 times in a second
In 1825, the first toilet was installed in the White House
Cricket chirping can tell the temperature outside. Counting how many times a cricket chirps in 15 seconds and then adding 40 to that number will approximately tell you what the temperature is in Fahrenheit
Every year, 50,000,000 automobiles are produced in the world.
Pikeville, Kentucky consumes the most Pepsi per capita then any other American city
After the death of the genius, Albert Einstein, his brain was removed by a pathologist and put in a jar for future study
Cubic Zirconia is 55% heavier than real diamonds.
The fastest speed a raindrop had reached when falling is seven miles per hour.
Battle Creek, Michigan is referred to as the "Cereal Bowl of America." The city produces the most breakfast cereals than any other city in the world
The stringy thing that is seen in egg whites is called "chalazae."
The city of Argentia which is located on Newfoundland's southwest coast, is Canada's most fog-bound community. It has 206 days of fog each year.
Seven percent of a humans body wieght is made up of blood
Most snails are hermaphrodites, meaning they have both female and male reproductive organs
Dogs can be trained to detect an upcoming epileptic seizure
American women, on average, spend 55 minutes per day getting showered, dressed, and groomed
Germany produces more than 5,000 varieties of beer and has about 1,300 breweries in country
In some parts of the Atacama Desert it has never rained
In 1681, the last dodo bird died
Strawberries are a member of the rose family
It is common in Israel and Egypt to eat watermelon with feta cheese
The most popular recipient of Valentine cards are school teachers
The average stay for a prisoner on Alcatraz, when it was used as a prison, was five years
Mickey Mouse is known as "Topolino" in Italy
Bird droppings are the chief export of Nauru, an island nation in the Western Pacific
About twenty-five percent of the population sneeze when they are exposed to light
In Japan, tipping at restaurants is not a norm. However, some restaurants might add a 5 - 10 % service charge to the bill
The first automobile racetrack in America was the 'Indianapolis Motor Speedway,' which had 3 million cobblestones.
A cow has four compartments in its stomach
The most popular place to burn candles in the house is the living room
In Japan, by the time man reaches the age of 60, he is commemorated with a special ceremony. This ceremony features the man wearing a red kimono, which denotes that he no longer has the responsibilities of being a mature adult
Men are four times more likely to be struck by lightning than women
The all-time most nominated Grammy artist with 77 nominations is Quincy Jones
In 1845, inventor Thomas Adams started the world's first chewing gum factory.
In 1693, the postage rate of a letter was determined by how much light went through the letter. The less the light went through the letter the more expensive the rate would be. This technique was referred to as candling
Polar bears can smell seals who are 20 miles away
Hair is made from the same substance as fingernails
Polar bears have been known to swim more than 60 miles without resting
Before 1883, the three-cent U.S. stamp was also used for advertising. The advertisment was located on the back of the stamp for various products
The largest ketchup bottle in the world is a 170 feet tall and is located in Collinsville, Illinois, USA. It was built in 1949 by the W.E. Caldwell Company as a water tower
Bo Jackson set a Monday Night Football record by rushing for 222 yards in one game against the Seattle Seahawks, including a 91-yard TD run
There are approximately 75,000,000 horses in the world
The fins of the Spiny Dogfish Shark are sometimes used as sandpaper for wood products
The Super Bowl is so popular that it is the number on at-home party event of the year
There was a time in Japan where a wife being left handed was a ground for divorce
The United States produces enough plastic film annually to cover the entire state of Texas
It is possible to get high by licking a toad. The Cane Toad produces a toxin called bufotenine to ward off predators. When licked, this toxin acts as a hallucinogen
Stinging insects kills approximately 25 people annually in the U.S
The first commercial microwave oven was called the "1161 Radarange" and was the size of a refrigerator
Chances of a women getting breast cancer are increased by excesseive use of alcohol
A common name for pincurls is also spitcurls because woman sometimes wet their hair with their saliva before curling it
The first hot air balloon flight traveled for 5.5 miles over Paris and lasted for 23 minutes
Birds do not sweat, as they do not have sweat glands
Former U.S. President Ronald Reagan once wore a Nazi uniform while acting in a film during his Hollywood days. The name of the movie was "Desperate Journey," which was filmed in 1942
The town of Olney, Illinois celebrates a "Squirrel Day" festival to honour the 200 albino squirrels that live in the town. The festival includes a squirrel blessing by a priest
In the United States there are about three million honey producing colonies
Adult earwigs can float in water for up to 24 hours
January is named for the Roman god Janus. Janus was a temple god who could look forward and backward at the same time
Pepper was sold as individual grains during the Elizabethan times. The guards at the London docks had to sew up their pockets so they would not steal any of the pepper
On average, the life span of an American dollar bill is eighteen months
Shakespeare invented the word "assassination" and "bump."
A diet high in fat is said to impede memory
There are more than 1,000 chemicals in a cup of coffee. Of these, only 26 have been tested, and half-caused cancer in rats
Pound for pound, hamburgers cost more than new cars.
Every year approximately 2,500 left-handed people are killed by using object or machinery designed for right-handed people
The heart of an adult giraffe weighs on average 26 pounds
Two million red blood cells die every second
The first American astronaut in space was Alan B. Shepard Jr
The world record for donut eating is held by John Haight, who ate 29 donuts (52 ounces) in a little over six minutes
Hundreds of years ago, only the wealthy people used to wear underwear
Buffalo wings, got their name because the spicy chicken wings originated in Buffalo, New York
The board game Scrabble was originally called "Criss Cross Words" by inventor Alfred Butts
Men are more likely to be colorblind than women. About one of out of 12 men are colorblind
Edwin Armstrong invented FM radio in 1933. The first men to use FM radio to communicate with Earth from the moon's surface were named Edwin Aldrin and Neil Armstrong.
The MGM lion, whose name was Leo, lived in Memphis until his death
The Bible was written by over 40 authors over a period of 1500 years
The range of a medieval long-bow is 220 yards
Studies indicate that weightlifters working out in blue gyms can handle heavier weights
African heart-nosed bats can have such a keen sense of sound that they can hear the footsteps of a beetle walking on sand from six feet away
Many of the stars that were in the Poltergeist Trilogy had strange deaths
The sap of a banana plant leaves serious stains on hands and clothes that is extremely hard to remove
In Ireland, a prime minister is a called a Taoiseach
American President John Tyler had 15 children
Even though red roses looks the same, there are over 900 different types of red roses
People in France own more pets in the world per person than any other country
In a five card poker game there are 2,598,960 possible hands
The most common pear world-wide is the Bartlett. It is bell-shaped, sweet and soft with a light green colour
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20
The average person falls asleep in about 12 to 14 minutes
Eighty percent of the Vanilla Beans which are used to make ice cream is grown in Madagascar
Annually, British people eat more than 15 pounds of beans
The largest known hailstone to have fallen was in Germany in 1925, which weighed close to four and a half pounds.
The Kraft company produces enough Cool Whip, a brand of whipping cream, in one year to fill the entire Grand Canyon
Karate actually originated in India, but was developed further in China
A seagull can drink salt water because it has special glands that filter out the salt
Elvis had a twin brother named Jesse Garon, who died at birth
95% of the entire lemon crop produced in the U.S. is from California and Arizona
There are more than 3000 documented caves located in the state of Tennessee
Soy crayons have been invented to replace wax crayons and one acre of soybeans can produce over 80,000 crayons
People drank gold powder mixed in with water in medieval Europe to relieve pain from sore limbs
Basketball great Wilt Chamberlain never fouled out of a game
Twit is the name given for a pregnant goldfish
A ear trumpet was used before the hearing aid was invented by people who had difficulty hearing
In 1982, a cactus in Phoenix, Arizona killed a man. David Grundman fired two shotgun blasts at a giant saguaro cactus that ended up falling on top of him
There are 293 steps to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa
The most popular American city for Kool-Aid sales is St. Louis, Missouri
A human embryo is smaller than a grain of rice at four weeks old
In 1923, the first neon sign was introduced in the U.S. Two neon signs were sold to a Packard car dealership for $24,000 which read, "Packard."
Silk was developed in China were it was kept a secret for more than two thousands years. Anyone found trying to smuggle silkworm eggs or cocoons out of the country was immediately put to death
Ivory bar soap floating was a mistake. They had been mixing the soap formula causing excess air bubbles that made it float. Customers wrote and told how much they loved that it floated, and it has floated ever since
Sir John Harington, the godson of Queen Elizabeth I, was the inventor of the toilet
The Popsicle was invented by 11 year-old Frank Epperson in 1905. He left his drink outside with a stir stick in it and he noticed that it had frozen. He applied for a patent in 1923 and named it "Epsicle." The name was later changed to Popsicle
In the U.S., approximately 46% of the chicken that is eaten by people comes from restaurants or other food outlets
An earthquake on Dec. 16, 1811 caused parts of the Mississippi River to flow backwards
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado
There are only four words in the English language which end in"-dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous
One pound of maple syrup can make eight pounds of candy or sugar
Uranus is the only planet that rotates on its side
The peanut is not a nut, it is actually a legume
Approximately 71% of American chocolate eaters prefer to eat milk chocolate
A colony of bees have to fly almost fifty-five thousand miles and tap two million flowers to make one pound of honey
Popped popcorn should be stored in the freezer or refrigerator as this way it can stay crunchy for up to three weeks
An office desk has 400 times more bacteria than a toilet
In Czechoslovakia, there is a church that has a chandelier made out of human bones
The first fruit eaten on the moon was a peach
The name "Lego" came from the Danish word LEg Godt, which means "play well."
Female and male black bears cannot tolerate being around each other except when they breed
In 1998, Ten Speed Press publishing company published a book, "The Eat A Bug Cookbook" by David George Gordon that contains over 33 bug recipes
Twelve men have landed on and explored the moon
The football team Green Bay Packers comes from a meat packing company called Acme Packing
Unlike a frog a toad cannot jump
The average weight of a newborn baby is 7 lbs. 6 oz. For a triplet baby it is 3 lbs. 12 oz
Baseball was the first sport to be pictured on the cover of Sports Illustrated
A group of tigers is called a streak
Hippos drink as much as 250 litres of water in any given 24 hour period
850 peanuts are needed to make an 18 oz. jar of peanut butter
The Beatles have sold more records than anyone else with over a billion worldwide
After the "Popeye" comic strip was launched in 1931, spinach consumption went up by thirty-three percent in the United States
The largest type of penguin is the Emperor Penguin which can stand to be almost 3.5 feet tall and weigh more than 90 pounds
Over 175 million cubic yards of earth was removed for the creation of the Panama Canal
7-Eleven was the first convenience store to have television advertising. The animated commercial ran in 1949 and had a singing rooster and owl
A honey bee strokes its wings about 11,500 times a minute
On average men spend 51 minutes a day grooming themselves
Sharks are so powerful that their bite can generate a force of up to 18 tons per square inch
The designated instrument for the city of Detroit is the accordion
Percentage of Americans who have visited Disneyland/Disney World: 70%
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise
A sheep, a duck, and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon
On average, Americans spend $1300 on utility bills annually
The New York Stock Exchange started out as a coffee house
There are approximately 2,700 different species of mosquitoes
Colonel Sanders original white suit was auctioned off for $80,000 in February 2002
EPCOT stands for "Experimental Prototype City Of Tomorrow."
The reason why tattoos do not vanish even though we shed our skin is because the dye is injected deeper into the dermis part of the skin. It is only the epidermis that we shed
Over 170,000 Indians from 210 tribes live in the Brazilian Amazon Rainforest
Cashew nuts contain oil in the shell that is very irritating to the skin
A caterpillar grows roughly 27,000 times its size when it first emerges as an egg
Lightning strikes the Empire States Building about seven times a year
Snake venom is ninety percent protein
More than three thousand people work on research in Antarctica each year
The first product that the toy company Mattel came out with was picture frames
Scientists have discovered a way to make biodegradable plastic from plants by using genetic engineering.
The Earth orbits the Sun at a speed of about 108,000 km per hour
In 1897, Bayer, who is the makers of Aspirin, once marketed the drug heroin
In Australia, a common "Boxing day" activity is surfing
In 1986, a drunk fan got into a pace car at Talladega Superspeedway, and started joyriding on the track in front of a nationwide audience. The police cruisers who had to chase him around the track were not amused when they caught and arrested him
Mary Hart, the co-anchor of Entertainment Tonight, has each of her legs insured for one million dollars
The two top toys in 1950 were Silly Putty which sold for $1, and Crayola crayons which sold for 50 cents
The King Cobra has enough venom in its bite that it can kill up to 13 adults
Earl Dean developed the bottle design for Coca-Cola
The word "super" to a beekeeper refers to the hive box where the honey is stored
Only 23% of New Zealand families have more than two children
Deliberately infecting people with malaria has been used to cure different viral infections. The high fever will strengthen the immune system and fight the virus. In recent times this has been considered as a treatment to HIV
By partially filling saucers with vinegar and distributing the saucers around a room, you can eliminate odors
The only animals that are capable of turning their heads 180 degrees are from the genus Galago, such as the Tarsier
In the United States birds and planes collided more than 22,000 times between the years of 1990 and 1998
The average number of pillowcases washed a day at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas is 15,000
Over 40 million Americans have chronic bad breath
There are 158 verses in the Greek National Anthem
A regulation baseball has exactly 108 stitches
In a study that was done by the University of Chicago in 1907, it was concluded that the easiest color to spot is yellow. This is why John Hertz, who is the founder of the Yellow Cab Company picked cabs to be yellow
On average it takes a shark seven days to replace a tooth
The biggest religious building in the world is a Hindu Temple, Angkor Wat, located in Cambodia. It was built at the end of the 11th century
In Britain, there are approximately 50,000 pubs with 17,000 different names
Snails eat with a rasping mouth called a "radula," which has thousands of teeth
A dragonfly has a lifespan of for to seven weeks
Chewing on gum while cutting onions can help a person from producing tears
The majority of American models are skinnier than 98% of American women
The first jigsaw puzzle was created by map maker John Splisbury who mounted one of his maps on a sheet of hardwood. He proceeded to cut around the borders of each country use a fine saw
Owen Falls Lake is the largest man-made lake in the world
The patent number of the telephone is 174465.
On average, 81% of Americans 16 years of age and older watch television at least once in a day
If a raisin is dropped into a glass of champagne it will bounce up and down in the glass
Reptiles do not perspire, and do not have any oil glands
Eating chocolate three times a month helps people live longer as opposed to people who overeat chocolate or do not eat chocolate at all
There is a doggy disco held in Italy every year where owners can dance with their dogs
The average number of guests that attend a wedding in the U.S. is 189
In ancient Egypt, the dung beetle symbolized eternal rebirth and the Sun God Khepri
If a cockroach breaks a leg it can grow another one
Budweiser beer is named after a town in Czechoslovakia
Each day the sun causes about one trillion tons of water to evaporate
Actress Debra Winger helped to perform the voice of E.T. in the movie ?E.T. The Extra Terrestrial (1982)."
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letteris uncopyrightable.
All penguins live south of the equator
There are more than 640 muscles in the human body
Airports that are at higher altitudes require a longer airstrip due to lower air density
Every second, two Barbie dolls are sold somewhere in the world
The Ice Cream cone was invented in the summer of 1904 by Charles Menches. It made its debut one year later at the St. Louis World Fair
The rhinoceros beetle can carry up to 850 times its weight on its back. This is equivalent to a person carrying over 50 mini-vans on their back
The game rugby was originated at Rugby school located in England in 1823. This happened when William Webb Ellis, while playing soccer, picked the ball up in his hands and started running with it
The first episode of the popular television sitcom Happy Days was titled "All The Way."
Scientists have discovered that the longer the ring finger is in boys the less chance they have of having a heart attack
When the body is resting, it takes in about 10 litres of air every minute
The smallest bone in the human body is the stirrup bone, which is located in the ear
George Washington had to borrow money to go to his own inauguration
There have been over fifty million Mr. Potato Heads sold since it came out in 1952
All of Chrysler's PT Cruisers are built in Mexico.
Movies approximately make five times more from video sales than ticket sales
There has only been 193,000 metric tonnes of gold discovered to date.
The word Lethologica describes the state of not remembering the word you want to say
In 1958, the United States Coast Guard off western Greenland measured the tallest known iceberg at five hundred and fifty feet
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere
Baby donkeys or baby mules are also known as "Foals."
When Sony introduced the walkman, it had a variety of different names in different countries. It was called "Soundabout" in the U.S., "Stowaway" in the U.K., and "Freestyle" in Australia
In Canada, the most productive day of the workweek is Tuesday
The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It To Beaver"
Author Dr. Seuss wrote the book "Green Eggs and Ham" because the editor made him a bet that he could not write a book, which contained less than fifty words
Armadillos have four babies at a time, and they are always the same sex
The tallest mammal in the world is the giraffe
Obsessive nose picking is referred to as rhinotillexomania
The spider used in the 2002 movie Spider-Man was a Steatoda spider, not a black widow. The spider was given anaesthesia, and was then painted blue and red
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet
In ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a girl was a way to propose for marriage.. If the girl caught it, that would mean she accepts
Donkeys can live between 30 to 50 years in captivity
In the United States, approximately 25,000 eye injuries occur that result in the person becoming totally blind
Australian Graham Barker extracted his own belly button fluff every day for 18 years acquiring a record-breaking amount of fluff. He hopes to accumulate enough fluff to stuff a pillow
Every year, surgical tools are left in approximately 1,500 patients in the USA. Fatter patients are more prone to having a surgical tool left inside of them due to the additional amount of space in their bodies
Medical reports show that about 18% of the population are prone to sleepwalking
In Ancient Egypt, cats were often buried with their masters, or in a special cemetary for cats
In Ontario, an average household income of a golfer is greater than $60,000
The Danish company Lego, which began in 1932, first manufactured ironing boards, and stepladders
Mice will nurse babies that are not their own
Saturday is the most popular day for people to eat out in the United States
Singer Alice Cooper once had a live chicken thrown at him during a concert in Toronto. He threw the chicken back at the crowd and all the publicity surrounding the incident skyrocketed his singing career
Between 1997-2002, there was an increase of 228% in cosmetic procedures in the United States
Elmer Smith was the first player to hit a grand slam in a World Series
Ancient Egyptians used the spice Thyme to help preserve mummies
On average, an American family sends and receives 28 Christmas cards each year
In Belgium, 94% of children under the age of fourteen own LEGO products
In ancient Rome, lead poisoning was a prevalent disease amongst the wealthy because of their extensive use of lead. Many Roman women died because of lead poisoning caused by the use of make-up that contained lead
The famous jewelry store Tiffany & Co. was established on September 18, 1837 in New York City. The amount of sales that were made the first day were $4.98
Depending on the size, it can take an oyster anywhere from few months to many years to form a pearl
In one minute, the heart of a giraffe can pump 160 gallons of blood
Each day Americans 15 and over spend an average of 55 minutes of driving
Storks were a symbol of fertility in Europe and were considered to bring good luck
The largest pig on record was a Poland-China hog named Big Bill, who weighed 2,552 lbs
The parents of Albert Einstein were worried that he was mentally slow because it took him a long time to learn how to speak
A honey bee has four wings
Badminton originates from a sport in India called "poona."
In October 1973, Swedish sweet maker Roland Ohisson of Falkenberg was buried in a coffin made of nothing but chocolate
More than 100 professional cyclists participate in the Tour de France every year and the race is over 3,200 kilometers
In the United States, turkeys are mostly raised in California
The only state to grow pineapples is Hawaii
There are more than 50 different types of pumpkins. Some of them have names such as Munchkin, Funny Face, and Spooktacular
In order to mate, a male deep sea anglerfish will bite a female when he finds her. The male will never let go and will eventually merge his body into the female and spend the rest of his life inside the female mate. The males internal organs will disappear apart from the testes that are needed to for breeding
Tacoma Narrows Bridge which was located in Washington was nicknamed "Galloping Gertie" because of the unusual way it twisted and swayed with even with the slightest winds when people would drive on it. The bridge collapsed on November 7, 1940, fortunately no humans died, except for a dog
At least 7% of all health care costs in the United States are attributed to smoking
On September 7, 1997, the first flight of the F-22a occurred.
There are five years in a quinquennium
The average life span of a mosquito is two weeks
Eating 11 pounds of apples will make you gain one pound of weight
Slugs have 4 noses
The shark cornea has been used in eye surgery, since its cornea is similar to a human cornea
Singer Billy Joel tried to commit suicide when he was 21 by drinking furniture polish
The largest fish in the world is the whale shark. It can weigh several tons and grow to more than fifty feet in length
The fastest bird in the world is the Peregrine Falcon, which can reach speeds in excess of two hundred miles per hour
The world camel population is close to 19 million
The word "Denim" comes from the French phrase "serge de Nimes" which is a fabric made in a town located in southern France
February 17th, 1930, was the first flight by a cow in an airplane. The milk that was produced by the cow during the flight was put into containers and parachuted over the city of St. Louis
The most popular gift that teachers receive in the United States from their students is chocolate
The Bible has been translated into Klingon
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating arealready married.
Stewardesses is one of the longest words typed with only the left hand
If a lobster loses an eye or a claw it can usually grow a new one
The name for the sign "&" which represents the world "and" is ampersand
The Eiffel Tower weight is approximately 9441 tons
The first translation of the Bible into English was in 1382 A.D., by John Wycliff
The meaning of Siberia is "sleeping land."
Ancient Romans at one time used human urine as an ingredient in their toothpaste
Billie Jean by Michael Jackson was the first video to air on MTV by a black artist
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and a size 108.7 acres
Eyebrow hair lasts between 3-5 months before it sheds
An elephant cannot jump
Scientists say that babies that are breastfed are more likely to be slimmer as adults than those that are not breastfed
The reason why the Mexican sombrero hat is so wide is to provide shade for the entire body
Amazingly, goalies in the National Hockey League played without masks until the year 1959
According to research, the most productive workday is Tuesday and the least productive is Friday
The makers of Crayola produce over 2 billion crayons in a year
The human face is made up of 14 bones
Mangos are valued for their reputation as an aphrodisiac in countries such as Guatemala and India
There are over 9 million beef and dairy cattle in New Zealand
The coconut is the largest seed in the world
Basketball superstar Wilt Chamberlain holds 56 NBA records
In 1990, the largest watermelon ever grown was 262 pounds, by Bill Carson of Tennesse, USA
Some toothpastes contain antifreeze
During the Gold Rush in 1849, some people paid as much as $100 for a simple glass of water
The only English place that has a name that ends with an exclamation mark is "Westward Ho!"
In Cleveland, Ohio, it's illegal to catch mice without a huntinglicense.
There are at least six universal facial expressions. They are: happiness, sadness, disgust, fear, anger and surprise
In the movie "The Exorcist" the vomit that (Regan) Linda Blair hurls at Father Damien Karras is thick pea soup
The Library of Congress, located in Washington D.C., is the largest library in the world
There is a substance in the skin of the African clawed frog that helps in fighting infection
The Sea of Tranquility on the moon is deeper than the highest mountain on Earth
The most popular vacation destinations for Americans in 1956 was Niagara Falls
In 1967, the first successful heart transplant was performed in Cape Town, South Africa
There are an average of 178 sesame seeds on a McDonald's Big Mac bun.
In one day, a queen bee can lay up to 1500 eggs in one day
"Pomology" is the science of growing an apple
The total number of episodes for the sitcom "I Love Lucy" was 180
The town with the most stop signs per capita than any other in the US: LaConner, Washington
There is a Harley-Davidson that was designed as an exact replica of a hamburger
The blue whale is the loudest animal on the earth. Its whistle can reach up to 188 decibels
Five Jell-O flavors that flopped: celery, coffee, cola, apple, andchocolate.
Mosquitoes prefer children over adults
Sharks are capable of going at least 6 weeks without eating; the record observed in an aquarium is 15 months by a species of shark known as the swell sharks)
When baby sharks are born, they swim away from their mothers right away and are on there own. In fact, their mothers might see them as prey
Soaking beans for twelve hours in water before they are cooked can reduce flatulence caused by beans
The vegetable that is eaten most by Americans is potatoes. On average, a person eats about 140 pounds of potatoes annually
In the dry valleys region of Antarctica, it has not rained in 2 million years according to scientists
Keeping your car tuned up is a good way to save on gas. A car that is tuned up is 9% more efficient on gasoline.
The venom of the king cobra is so deadly that one bite can kill twenty people or one elephant
There is a law in the state of Idaho that does not permit one citizen to give another citizen a box of candy that is heavier than 50 pounds
The kidneys filter over 400 gallons of blood each day
Another word to refer to old age is senectitude
The most popular meal ordered at restaurants in the U.S. is fried chicken
Kit Kat chocolate bar was introduced to the market in 1935
The average human head weighs about eight pounds
Fear of clowns is called coulrophobia
The average person is about a quarter of an inch taller at night
Common pesticides such as roach, termite and flea insecticide can be found in the bodies of majority of Americans
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category
There is no tipping in Iceland
The founder of JC Penny had the middle name of Cash
Eating parsley after eating an onion can help in getting rid of onion breath
Gorilla gorilla gorilla is the scientific name for the animal gorilla
In the U.S. the most common excuse made to get out of paying a ticket is to say they missed the sign
On average, it is estimated that females injure themselves ten time more than males do while playing sports
A house cat spends 70% of its time sleeping
The first hair dryer was a vacuum cleaner that was used for drying hair
Whale eyes are the size of a grapefruit
Painting a house yellow or having a yellow trim helps in selling a house faster
On August 21st, 1911, someone stole the Mona Lisa, the most famous painting in the world, from the Louvre Museum. It was recovered two years later
The Great Wall stretches for about 4,500 miles across North China
Frosted Flakes mascot "Tony the Tiger" has a wife, son (Tony Jr.) and daughter (Antoinette) that were used in early advertising commercials
The iron disulfide (Pyrite) is considered "fool's gold" because it looks very similar to gold.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intraveinously.
Smiling releases endorphins in the body, which makes people feel better
A dentist from Buffalo New York named Alfred P. Southwick invented the electric chair.
ABBA got their name by taking the first letter from each of their names (Agnetha, Bjorn, Benny, Anni-frid.)
The space between your eyebrows is called the Glabella
Grapes are grown around the world more than any other fruit
The best selling game in history for coin-operated machines is Pac-Man
Google receives more than 200 million search queries a day, more than half of which come from outside the United States. Peak traffic hours to google.com are between 6 a.m. and noon PST, when more than 2,000 search queries are answered a second
There is a Hamburger hall of fame in Seymour, Wisconsin
The Olympic torch weighs about 3 pounds
The famous Christmas song "Jingle Bells" was written for a Thanksgiving program in 1857 by James Pierpont. At the time, the song was called "The One-Horse Open Sleigh."
The average bank teller loses about $250 every year
Initially golf balls were made out of wood. After that they were made out of leather which was stuffed with feathers
Russian I.M. Chisov survived a 21,980 plunge out of a plane with no parachute. He landed on the steep side of a snow-covered mountain with only a fractured pelvis and slight concussion
About 70 percent of Americans who go to college do it just to make more money
The oldest actor to win a Best Actor Oscar is Henry Fonda. He was 76 when he won it
Babies who wear disposable diapers are five times more likely to develop diaper rash than those that wear cotton diapers
The first lighthouse built in the USA was in Boston, MA in 1716
The Snickers chocolate bar was invented in 1930
When Nylons first went on sale in the United States in 1940, four million pairs were sold in only a few days
On average, a man spends about five months of his life shaving
Oprah Winfrey was the first black woman to anchor a newscast in Nashville at WTVF-TV
Ever year, Americans spend close to $25 billion on beer
In 1888, an Egyptian peasant discovered an estimated three hundred thousand mummified cats in Beni Hassan, Egypt. Of the cats that were not stolen once, the find was made public, the remaining mummified cats were shipped to Great Britain to be used as agricultural fertilizer
The smallest stamp in the world was issued in 1863 by the Columbian state of Bolivar and measured 9.5 x 8mm
There are over 1,800 known species of fleas
Ivory soap slogan "99-44/100% Pure" was cleverly invented by Harley Proctor who with the help of chemists determined that Ivory soap was only 56/100 pure. Proctor simply subtracted 56 from 100 and came up with "99-44/100% Pure"
The longest word in the English language is 1909 letters long and it refers to a distinct part of DNA
Polar bears are left-handed
Brain damage will only occur if a fever goes above 107.6 degrees farenheit
It requires 63 feet of wire to make a Slinky toy
A female ferret can die if she goes into heat and cannot find a mate
Casey Kasem is the voice of Shaggy on the cartoon show "Scooby-Doo." Casey Kasem, being a strict vegetarian, also requested that Shaggy follow the same diet on the show
In the U.S., the milk production per dairy cow is approximately 12,000 pounds
In America, 38% of doctors are Indians
There are approximately 100 million acts of sexual intercourse each day
People with allergies can lower allergy reactions by laughing
Some farmers in Japan have learned to grow their watermelons into a square shape. They did this to conserve shelf space
The heaviest United States President was William Howard Taft who weighed 332 pounds
Tasmania is said to have the cleanest air in the world
Studies show that divorced women have more trouble starting new relationships than divorced men
Did you know that there are coffee flavored PEZ?
An individual coral animal is called a polyp
There are dolphins that live in the Amazon River that are the colour pink
Navel oranges got their name because the bottom of this type of orange resembles a belly button or navel
Tohru Iwatani, the inventor of the video game Pac-Man, came up with the idea when he saw a pizza with a slice missing at a dinner party
One tree can filter up to sixty pounds of pollutants from the air each year.
In America, one out of every two marriages ends up in divorce
A chance of a woman having twins is increased after the age of 35. About 1 in 27 women will give birth to twins after this age. After 50 the chances of having twins is 1 in 9
The ant can lift 50 times its own weight, can pull 30 times its own weight, and always falls over on its right side when intoxicated
The Hollywood sign was first erected in 1923. It was first erected as "Hollywoodland."
During his entire life, Vincent Van Gogh sold exactly one painting, Red Vineyard at Arles
The first commercial chewing gum was sold in 1848 by John B. Curtis, who also made the gum. He called the gum "State of Maine Pure Spruce Gum."
Touching and stroking a plant will aid in it growing healthy
Average age of top GM executives in 1994: 49.8 years. Average age ofthe Rolling Stones: 50.6.
Business.com is currently the most expensive domain name sold for $7.5 million
31% of employees skip lunch entirely
Olive oil can help in lowering cholesterol levels and decreasing the risk of heart complications
Ho-Ho-Kus, a small town in New Jersey, is the only town in the United States of America that has two dashes in its name
Romans, in the third century, believed that the lemon was an antidote for all poisons
During the Easter season, 600 million Marshmallow Peeps are bought my Americans. The Marshmallow Peep is the most popular Easter candy besides chocolate
In the Great Fire of London in 1666, only six people were killed
During World War II, the 2nd Polish Corps had a brown bear named Wojtek, who helped move boxes of ammunition during the battle of Monte Cassino
In the United States, every year about 15 people die from dog bites
Sheep can survive for up to two weeks buried in snow drifts.Click Here For More Details
The Crayola colour flesh was changed to peach in 1962 because of the fact that people have many different skin colours
"Kemo Sabe" means "soggy shrub" in Navajo
7 out of 10 people believe in life after death
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted people without killing them would burn their houses down - hence the expression "to get fired."
The largest coral reef in the world is the Great Barrier Reef located in Australia. The reef is approximately 2023 kilometers long
On a bottle of brandy VSOP stand for "Very Special Old Pale."
The word "dexterity", to do with skill is related to the right hand. The opposite of the word "deter" is "sinister", to do with evil, it is related to the left hand
Male sea horses are the ones that get impregnated rather than the females. Males have a pouch on their belly that provides incubation for the female?s eggs and they can have up to 1500 babies at one time
NASA scientists have concluded that the state of California is moving north and will collide with the state of Alaska in roughly 150 million years
The best selling chocolate syrup in the world is Hershey
The word Karate means, "empty hand."
There are some types of chocolates that are actually good for the arteries and heart
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair
The speed at which honey bees fly is at 15 miles per hour
The average life expectancy of an ant is about 90 days
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns
In France, it is illegal for a person to kiss another on railways
The appliance that uses the most use of water in the home is the toilet
The first movie to ever cost $100 million to make is Terminator 2: Judgment Day in 1991
Adolf Hitler wanted to be an architect, but he failed the entrance exam at the architectural school in Vienna
In the first century, people used to drink goats milk to sweeten their breath
The first product that Sony came out with was the rice cooker
In the United States, ice cream is sold the most on a Sunday
Over the course of one year, a coffee tree only produces about 1.5 pounds of coffee
The substance that gives red wine and dark beer its color is said to have a positive effects on cholesterol and blood pressure
Tripolini pasta was named for the Italian conquest of Tripoli in Libya
The six official languages of the United Nations are Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian, and Spanish
In 2002, the most popular boat name in the U.S. was Liberty
One out of 20 people have an extra rib
44% of kids watch television before they go to sleep
In 1865, the U.S. Secret Service was first established for the specific purpose to combat the counterfeiting of money
Istanbul, Turkey is the only city in the world located on two continents
In 1967, the IMAX film system was invented by Canadian Ivan Grame Ferguson to premier at Expo 67.
Approximately 40% of the U.S. paper currency in circulation was counterfeit by the end of the Civil War
Every three days a human stomach gets a new lining
In 1873, Colgate made a toothpaste that was available in a jar
The Kodiak, which is native to Alaska, is the largest bear and can measure up to eight feet and weigh as much as 1,700 pounds
The three best-known western names in China: Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, and Elvis Presley
Mars is the home of Olympus Mons, the largest known volcano in our solar system
The Gastric Flu can cause projectile vomiting
The second best selling game of all time is Jenga. Jenga is a Swahili word, meaning "to build."
Cinderella is known as Rashin Coatie in Scotland, Zezolla in Italy, and Yeh-hsien in China
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
The fur of the binturong, also known as the "Asian Bear Cat," smells like popcorn. The scent is believed to come from a gland located near the tail
In 1894 the first big Coke sign was found on the side of a building located in Cartersville, Georgia, and still exists today
The longest distance a deepwater lobster has been recorded to travel is 225 miles
Orcas (killer whales), when traveling in groups, breathe in unison
The Great Pyramids used to be as white as snow because they were encased in a bright limestone that has worn off over the years
NASCAR stands for National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing
Percentage of American men who say they would marry the same woman if they had it to do all over again: 80%
Paul Hunn holds the record for the loudest burp, which was 118.1 decibels, which is as loud as a chainsaw
A monkey was once tried and convicted for smoking a cigarette in South Bend, Indiana
There are six million parts in the Boeing 747-400.
The first TONKA truck was made in 1947
In the U.S., over one million gallons of cosmetics, drinks, and lotions are sold that contain aloe in them per year
Sugar Bear (the mascot for Golden Crisps cereal) was born in 1963
The Tonle Sap River in Cambodia flows north for almost half the year and then south for the rest of the year
Japanese research has concluded that moderate drinking can boost IQ levels
For more than 3,000 years, Carpenter ants have been used to close wounds in India, Asia and South America
Baskin Robbins plain vanilla ice cream is the number one selling flavour and accounts for a quarter of their sales
Elizabeth Taylor has appeared on the cover of Life magazine more than anyone else
The typical lead pencil can draw a line that is thirty five miles long
The word "toy" comes from an old English word that means "tool."
Smokers are twice as likely to develop lower back pain than non-smokers
Humans are born with 300 bones in their body, however when a person reaches adulthood they only have 206 bones. This occurs because many of them join together to make a single bone
The reason why hair turns gray as we age is because the pigment cells in the hair follicle start to die, which is responsible for producing "melanin" which gives the hair colour
In 1960 there were 16,067 gambling slots in Nevada. By 1999, this number rose to 205,726 slots which would be one slot for every 10 people residing there
It takes the Hubble telescope about 97 minutes to complete an orbit of the Earth. On average, the Hubble uses the equivilent amount of energy as 30 household light bulbs to complete an orbit.
The two factories of the Jelly Belly Candy Company produces approximately 100,000 pounds of jelly beans a day. this amounts to about 1,250,000 jelly beans an hour
Pucks hit by hockey sticks have reached speeds of up to 150 miles per hour
The "naked recreation and travel" industry has grown by 233% in the past decade
The Planters Peanut Company mascot, Mr. Peanut, was created during a contest for schoolchildren in 1916
Most lipstick contains fish scales
The sentence "the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" uses every letter in the english language
The expression cooked "al dente" means "to the tooth." What this means is that the pasta should be somewhat firm, and offer some resistance to the tooth, but should also be tender
Of married couples, 70% of men and 60% of women have cheated on their spouse
No piece of paper can be folded in half more than 7 times
More people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes
The first couple to be shown on a sitcom sleeping in the same bed was "Mary Kay and Johnny."
Asthma affects one in fifteen children under the age of eighteen
A one ounce milk chocolate bar has 6 mg of caffeine
Throughout the South, peanuts were known as "Monkey Nuts," and "Goober peas," before the civil war
Scallops have approximately 100 eyes around the edge of its shell
In 1810, Peter Durand invented the tin can for preserving food
The fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth is called Arachibutyrophobia
Men in their early twenties shave an average of four times a week
Colour is not an indicator for the taste or ripeness in cranberries
Each year there are approximately 20 billion coconuts produced worldwide
A chicken with red earlobes will produce brown eggs, and a chicken with white earlobes will produce white eggs
Not all polar bears hibernate; only pregnant females polar bears do
There is a restaurant in Stockholm that only offers all-garlic products. They even have a garlic cheesecake
Serving ice cream on cherry pie was once illegal in Kansas
Superman The Escape rollercoaster, located in California at Six Flags Magic Mountain, goes from 0 to 100 miles per hour in only 7 seconds
Five thousandths of a millimeter is the tolerance of accuracy at the LEGO mould factories
2.5 cans of Spam are consumed every second in the United States
In 1836, Mexican General Santa Anna held an elaborate state funeral for his amputated leg. updated
A meteor has only destroyed one satellite, which was the European Space Agency's Olympus in 1993.
The Koala bear is not really a bear, but is really related to the kangaroo and the wombat.
One gallon of pure maple syrup weighs 11 pounds
Instead of a Birthday Cake, many Russian children are given a Birthday Pie
The largest employer in the world is the Indian railway system in India, employing over 1.6 million people
The word "comet" comes from the Greek word "kometes" meaning long hair and referring to the tail
The average price for a major league baseball game in 2004 is $19.82
The hydra, which is related to the jellyfish, can grow its body back in a couple of days if it is cut in half
The deepest mine in the world is the East Rand mine, which goes to a depth of about 3,585 metres
Native Indians have been known to paint their doors blue, which they believe keeps the bad spirits out
Before air conditioning was invented, white cotton slipcovers were put on furniture to keep the air cool.
It would take about fourteen and half million notes of currency to build a mile high stack
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne
It costs about 3 cents to make a $1 bill in the United States
Colgate faced a big obstacle marketing toothpaste in Spanish speaking countries. Colgate translates into the command "go hang yourself."
The cross bow was invented by the Chinese and records of its usage goes back to as far as the Three Kingdom Period (220 a.d.-280 a.d.).
It is estimated that by the end of 2000, there has been 142,600 tonnes of gold mined in the world
One-third pound stalk of broccoli contains more vitamin C than 204 apples
The Flintstones cartoon was the first thirty-minute cartoon to be aired during prime time
The abbreviation Xmas for the word Christmas is of Greek origin. Since the word for Christ in the Greek language is Xristos, which starts with the letter "X," they started putting the X in place of Christ and came up with the short form for the word Christmas
Dipsomania refers to an insatiable craving for alcoholic beverages
China has more English speakers than the United States
Pitcher Darold Knowles once pitched all seven games of one World Series
In a day, kids in the U.S. that are between the ages of 2 - 8 spend 28 minutes of their time coloring
The Ancient Greek women made a type of cheek blush by painting their cheeks with herbal pastes which was made out of crushed berries and seeds
Herbert Hoover, who was the 31st president of the United Stated, turned over all the Federal salary checks he received to charity during the 47 years he was in government
Macadamia nuts are not sold in their shells because it takes 300 pounds per square inch of pressure to break the shell
Japan has approximately 200 volcanoes and is home to 10% of the active volcanoes in the world
Before 1928, yo-yos used to be called bandalores in the United States
The only South East Asian country that has never been colonized by a Western Power is Thailand
In 1631, two London bible printers accidentally left the word "not" out of the seventh commandment, which then read, "Thou shalt commit adultery." This legendary book is now known as the "Wicked Bible."
The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar an England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes
Irish Wolfhound dogs have a short lifespan and live about 7-8 years
When Queen Elizabeth I of England died she owned over 3,000 gowns
Female alligators lay about 40 eggs that hatch in 60 - 70 days
The nickname for a Japanese businessmen is "Salarymen."
Emus cannot walk backwards
The external tank on space shuttles is not painted. It is the only part of the shuttle that is lost after launch, so it is not necessary to worry about metal corrosion.
The most popular Twizzler candy flavour is strawberry
Thirty percent of all bingo players are under the age of 35
Infants spend more time dreaming than adults do
The famous Casanova (Giacomo Casanova) was a librarian for many years before he died
The only species of turtle that lives in the open ocean is the sea turtle
Toronto was the first city in the world with a computerized traffic signal system
Seniors who drink a cup of coffee before a memory test score higher than those who drink a cup of decaffeinated coffee
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise
Some octopuses have been known to eat their arms off when they are exposed to stressful situations
On average, 749 pounds of paper products is used by an American individual annually
The skeleton of a spider is located on the outside of the body. The name for this is exoskelton
Incas used to create pots in the shape of peanuts that were highly prized
The letter J does not appear anywhere on the periodic table of the elements
Over 200 varieties of watermelons are grown in the U.S
The most dangerous job in the United States is that of a fisherman, followed by logging and then an airline pilot
The words "abstemioius," and "facetious" both have all the five vowels in them in order
French soldiers during World War I had the nickname "poilu" which translates to "hairy one."
Former U.S. President William Taft converted the White House stable into a four car garage in 1909
People living on the east coast prefer creamy peanut butter, while people living on the west coast prefer chunky peanut butter
Some snails live on branches in trees
Tomato ketchup is a good conditioner for the hair. It also helps get the greenish tinge that some blonde haired people get after swimming in water with chlorine in it
The youngest pope was 11 years old
Did you know you share your birthday with at least 9 other million people in the world
Soldiers disease is a term for morphine addiction. The Civil War produced over 400,000 morphine addicts
The longest chapter in the Bible is Psalm 119, which is 176 verses
During the First World War, cigarettes were handed out to soldiers along with their rations
The longest freshwater shoreline in the world is located in the state of Michigan
There are bananas called "Red banana" that are maroon to dark purple when ripe
Franklin Pierce was the first U.S. President to have a Christmas tree in the White House
The USA bought Alaska from Russia for 2 cents an acre
Walt Disney had originally suggested using the name Mortimer Mouse instead of Mickey Mouse
The length of brink of the Canadian "Horseshoe" Falls located in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada is 2600 feet
The smile is the most frequently used facial expression. A smile can use anywhere from a pair of 5 to 53 facial muscles
The right lung of a human is larger than the left one. This is because of the space and placement of the heart
Native Americans used to use pumpkin seeds for medicine
The pound key (#) on the keyboard is called an octothorpe
The chemical name for caffeine is 1,3,7-trimethylzantihine
Corals take a long time to grow. Some corals only grow one centimeter in one year
Walmart-mart sells more apparel a year than all the other competing department stores combined
Canada has more inland waters and lakes than any other country in the world
Ramses II, a pharaoh of Egypt died in 1225 B.C. At the time of his death, he had fathered 96 sons and 60 daughters
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want
Since its introduction in February 1935, more than two hundred million Monopoly board games have been sold worldwide
Women are twice as likely to be diagnosed with depression than men in the United States
The smallest man ever was Gul Mohammed (1957-1997) of India, who measured 1 feet, 10? inches
500,000 tons of dog excrement are dumped annually on the streets of Paris
Hydrogen gas is the least dense substance in the world, at 0.08988g/cc
In Belgium, there is a museum just for strawberries
The Simpsons is the longest running prime-time animated series on television history
The more a person struggles to get out of quicksand the faster they will sink. Staying still, and being calm will actually make the body float in the quicksand because the body is less dense than the quicksand is
On average, a Canadian girl owns seven Barbie dolls, whereas an American girl owns eight
A piece of French toast that was partially eaten by Justin Timberlake sold on eBay
The Olympic was the sister ship of the Titanic, and she provided twenty-five years of service
Atari had to bury millions of unsold "E.T." game cartridges in a New Mexico desert landfill in 1982
The biggest disco ball in the world has a diameter of 2.41 meters and 137.89 kilograms. It also has 6,900 mirror squares on it
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses
An average city dog lives approximately three years longer than an average country dog
On average, falling asleep while driving results in 550 accidents per day in the United States
Scatologists are experts who study feces. (aka. crap, dung, dookie, dumps, feces, excrement, etc.)
Pumpkins contain potassium and vitamin A
The greatest mountain range is the Mid-Ocean Ridge, extending 64,374 km from the Arctic Ocean to the Atlantic Ocean
Pepsi got its name from the ingredient pepsin, which is said to aid in digestion, however, it is not known
The spray WD-40 got its name because there were forty attempts needed before the creation of the "water displacing" substance
Contrary to popular beliefs, chocolate does not cause acne
Detroit, Michigan has more registered bowlers than any other city in the USA
The fastest moving land snake is the Black Mamba, which can move up to 7 miles per hour
Annually Americans eat 45 million turkeys at Thanksgiving
Rabbits can live up to ten years
The average life span of a single red blood cell is 120 days
Over 250 million Slinky toys have been sold since its debut in 1946
In 1961, Italian artist Piero Manzoni packed his feces in cans, signed and mounted them, and then sold them as art
The last thing Elvis Presley ate before he died was four scoops of ice cream and 6 chocolate chip cookies
Some Chinese chopsticks contain gold as on of their materials
The chances of making two holes-in-one in a round of golf are one in 67 million
The watch was invented by Peter Henlein of Nuremberg in 1510.
In North America there are approximately 618 roller coasters
The concept of Boxing Day, which is on December 26th, was to give boxes of food and clothing to the poor. It is now viewed in some countries as a time to get merchandise from stores at reduced prices
Crayola is a French word that means "Oily chalk."
Every year, Burger King restaurants prepare over 950,000 pounds of bacon for their breakfast customers
Isaac Newton used to be a member of parliament
Dumbest Dog: Afghan hound
At just four years old Mozart was able to learn a piece of music in half an hour
It would take twenty new mid-size cars to generate the same amount of pollution that a mid-size 1960's car did.
The honey badger can withstand hundreds of bee stings that would otherwise kill another animal
There are 500,000 detectable earthquakes in the world each year
Black pepper is the most popular spice in the world
In Greece, the climate is so warm that many of the cinemas do not even have roofs
The word "moose" comes from the native Algonquian Indian word meaning "twig eater."
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill
An armadillo can walk under water
There are over one hundred billion galaxies with each galaxy having billions of stars
The Uape Indians, who live in the Amazon, mix the ashes of their recently cremated relatives with alcohol, then all members of the family drink the mix with fond memories of the deceased
The word "diamond" comes from the Greek word "adamas," which means "unconquerable."
On average, a typical dairy cow lies down and stands up about 14 times a day
For the movie "Tootsie" actor Dustin Hoffman thought of the title. His mother used to call him that as a child
The world record for rocking non-stop in a rocking chair is 480 hours held by Dennis Easterling, of Atlanta, Georgia
The Sears Tower consists of nine framed tubes, which connects nine skyscrapers as one building
The first subway system in America was built in Boston, Massachusetts in 1897
There are approximately 45 billion fat cells in an average adult
To make one pound of butter, 29 cups of milk are needed
The dot that appears over the letter "i" is called a tittle
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments
Close to 73% of girls in Bangladesh are married by age 18
Nerve impulses for muscle position travel at a speed of up to 390 feet per second
In the summer of 1858, the smell of the sewage in the Thames River in London was so bad that the Members of Parliament had to leave from the chamber of the House of Commons. This was a result of two million people dumping all their sewage into the river
One out of five people that eat ice cream binge on ice cream in the middle of the night. The person is usually between 18 - 24 years old
The Basenji dog is the only dog that is not able to bark
There is a dog museum in St. Louis, Missouri
The tip of a bullwhip moves so fast that it breaks the sound barrier. The crack of the whip is actually a tiny sonic boom.
There is a city called Smackover located in Arkansas
An average person laughs about 15 times a day
The labels for Crayola crayons come in 18 different colors
The temperature of milk when it leaves the body of a cow is 101 degrees Fahrenheit. The milk is then quickly chilled and stored at a temperature of 40 degrees Fahrenheit
In Spain, it is common to pour chocolate milk or cafe au lait on cereal for breakfast
Over 50% of the wedding in the U.S. occur in the afternoon
Before the fur trade had started in Canada, it was estimated that there were over 6 million beavers
Eating dandelions can make you urinate more
Enough paper is recycled in the USA every day, that a 15 mile long train of boxcars could be filled up with paper.
The palms of your hands and the soles of your feet cannot tan, or grow hair
At the White House, president John Adams was said to be the first to display fireworks there
About 10% of the 100,000 thunderstorms that occur in the USA every year are classified as severe.
Sylvia Plath was a famous poet who killed herself at age thirty-one by sticking her head into a gas oven
A baseball will go farther in hot temperature than in cold temperature
A rabbit is not able to vomit
The aorta, which is largest artery located in the body, is about the diameter of a garden hose
Niagara Falls actually stopped flowing back in 1848 for about 20 hours because there was ice that was blocking the Niagara River
The world's first underground was the London Underground in1863. It has 275 stations and 253 miles of track.
The first American president to deliver a speech over the radio was Warren G. Harding
There are more than 40 million Americans that have "chronic halitosis," which is bad breath that never goes away
The human body makes anywhere from 1 to 3 pints of saliva every 24 hours
Cheetahs are the fastest land animal and can reach speeds up to 72mph
The purpose of tonsils is to destroy foreign substances that are swallowed or breathed in
The country with the highest consumption of candy at 29.5 pounds annually per person is Denmark
One of the most dangerous insect in the world is the common housefly. They carry and transmit more diseases than any other animal in the world
Every day, over 1,300 babies are born prematurely in the USA
The sun is approximately 149 million kilometres from the earth
The Great White Shark can grow to be more than twenty feet long and can weigh approximately 4,000 pounds
In 1832, in Paisley, Scotland the first municipal water filtration works was opened
The only popcorn museum in the world is lcoated in Marion, Ohio, USA
Any animal that has skin hair or fur can get dandruff, but in animals it is called "dander."
The average ice berg weighs 20,000,000 tons
In 1819, the USA purchased Florida from Spain for the cancellation of a $5 million debt
In a lifetime, the average driver will honk 15,250 times
Jewelers Tiffany & Co., based in New York, are responsible for making the Super Bowl trophy
Skippy Peanut Butter is sold more in the world than any other peanut butter
The highest bridge in the world is located in the Himalyan mountains. It was built by the Indian Army, in 1982, and is about 5,600 metres above sea level
In 1893, the first mosque in the United States was built
Apples are part of the rose family
Every eleven minutes in the U.S., a woman dies of breast cancer
Mr. Butts invented the game SCRABBLE. The game was originally called "Criss Cross Words."
Actress Meryl Streep holds the record for the most Oscar nominated actress, with a record of 13 nominations
In a year approximately 900 million trees are cut down to make the raw materials needed for American pulp mills and paper
Enamel is hardest substance in the human body
A leech has 32 brains
Thomas Edison designed a helicopter that would work with gunpowder. It ended up blowing up and also blew up his factory.
In the late 1800's, washing machines and butter churners were sometimes powered by dogs walking on treadmills.
In China, people eat a bar of chocolate for every 1,000 chocolate bars eaten by the British
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors
Clarence Crane the inventor of "Crane's Peppermint Life Savers" sold his rights to the popular candy for less than three thousand dollars.
Namco, who are the manufacturers of Pac Man the video game, has estimated that the original arcade game has been played over 10 billion times by individuals
In Ivrea, Italy, thousands of citizens celebrate the beginning of Lent by throwing oranges at one another
The sloth moves so slowly that green algae grows in the grooves of their hair
In the world, the United States and France have the most pet dogs. Approximately one out of every three families has a pet dog. Switzerland and Germany are the lowest only having one dog per every ten families
There are 50% more males that are left handed compared to females
Armadillos breed in July, but get pregnant in November after delaying implantation. This allows the young to be born during the spring when there is an abundance of food
Carbon monoxide can kill a person in less than 15 minutes
The Nobel Peace prize was first awarded in 1901 to Jean Henry Dunant, who was the founder of the Swiss Red Cross
In August 1999, Lori Lynn Lomeli set a record by spinning 82 Hula Hoops at the same time for three full revolutions
The wheelbarrow was invented by the Chinese.
The colour blue has a calming effect. It causes the brain to release calming hormones
Over 20 million BluBlocker sunglasses have been sold since its debut in 1986. They now come in over 100 different styles
Crabs have very small hairs on their claws and other parts of their body to help detect water currents and vibrations
In 1962, the first Wal-Mart opened up in Rogers, Arkansas
Duracell, the battery-maker, built parts of its new international headquarters using materials from its own waste
Vampire bat saliva has been responsible for many advances in research into stroke recovery
During the making of the the movie "Fight Club," actor Brad Pitt chipped his tooth. However, he did not get his tooth capped until after the movie was done filming as he thought it would look better chipped for his character
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted peoplewithout killing them used to burn their houses down - hence theexpression "toget fired."
In ancient Rome, it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose
The word "checkmate" in chess comes from the Persian phrase "Shah-Mat," which means the king is dead
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee
A common drink for Tibetans is Butter Tea which is made out of butter, salt, and brick tea
Bourbon was first made by a Baptist minsister from Bourbon County in Kentucky in 1789. That is where it got its name
The Pentagon, in Arlington, Virginia, has twice as many bathrooms as is necessary. When it was built in the 1940s, the state of Virginia still had segregation laws requiring separate toilet facilities for blacks and whites
McDonald restaurants serve food and drink to an amazing 43 million customers on a daily basis
The game Monopoly was once very popular in Cuba; however, Fidel Castro ordered that all games be destroyed
Nearly half of all Americans suffer from symptoms of burnout
During the era of Louis XIV, women used lemons to redden their lips
70% of the poor people in the world are female
The thickness of the Arctic ice sheet is on average 10 feet. There are some areas that are thick as 65 feet
The adult human body requires about 88 pounds of oxygen daily
The biggest pumpkin the world weighs 1,337.6 pounds
The highest consumption of Pizza occurs during Super Bowl week
During World War II, condoms were used to cover rifle barrels from being damaged by salt water as the soldiers swam to shore
Approximately 55% of movies released are Rated R
The Roman emperor Domitian took great pleasure in being secluded in his room for hours and catching flies and stabbing them with pens
Tarantulas can live up to 30 years
On average redheads have 90,000 hairs. People with black hair have about 110,000 hairs
More than half the time spent in United States courts is cases that involve automobiles
One barrel of petroleum holds 42 gallons
The smoke that is produced by a fire kills more people than a burn does because of carbon monoxide and other dangerous gases
The Saguaro Cactus, found in South-western United States does not grow branches until it is 75 years old.
In Belgium, 172,000 tons of chocolate are produced in a year
The word Nike comes from Greek Mythology. Nike is the goddess of victory and was often depicted as a small winged figure whom the goddess Athene carried
The biggest bug in the world is the Goliath Beetle which can weigh up to 3.5 ounces and be 4.5 inches long
Leaving the water running while brushing your teeth can waste four gallons of water in a minute
Steve Fletcher holds the record for the largest gum wrapper collection. His collection has 5300 gum wrappers from all across the world
There was once a country called Prussia. After World War II, it was divided among Poland, Germany, and the USSR
The word Spain means "the land of rabbits."
In 1936, the first practical helicopter was invented. It was the German Focke-Wulf Fw 61.
The word tulip comes from the Turkish word for turban
Psychokinesis refers to the ability of moving objects through psychic power
The fat that comes from sheep, which is called tallow, can also be used to produce soap and candles
In Britain, one out of every four potatoes is eaten in the form of french fries
In the movie Psycho by Alfred Hitchcock, chocolate syrup was used for blood in the shower scene
The movie "Chicken Run" made in 2,000 had the most plasticine used in an animated movie. They used 2,380 kg of plasticine for the movie
During WWII, because a lot of players were called to duty, the Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia Eagles combined to become The Steagles
The titan arum flower is the largest flower in the world and gives off a horrible odor that smells like rotting flesh when it blooms
Every day, the average person swallows about a quart of snot
When the only queen ant dies, so does the entire colony, because no new workers are born
The Dutch people are known to be the tallest people in Europe
The average American kid will eat approximately 1.500 peanut butter sandwiches by high school graduation
Goats do not have upper front teeth
It has been suggested that shepherds are responsible for inventing the game golf. It is said that they used to use their staffs to hit the stones
There are about 6,800 languages in the world
Studies have shown that by putting on slow background music it can make a person eat food at a slower rate
By walking an extra 20 minutes every day, an average person will burn off seven pounds of body fat in an year
Ironically, when doctors in Los Angeles, California went on strike in 1976, the daily number of deaths in the city dropped 18%
Octopus and squid are thought to be the most intelligent of all invertebrates
On average, a beaver can cut down two hundred trees a year.
The name of the first menthol cigarette in the United States was "Spud."
A world record 328 pound ovarian cyst was removed from a woman in Galveston, Texas, in 1905. updated
The fastest shark is the "Shortfin Mako," which can swim as fast as sixty miles per hour
The flatulation from domesticated cows produce about 30% of the methane on this planet
Ironically, watermelons, which are 92% water, originated from the Kalahari Desert in Africa
The first tattoo machine was invented by Samuel O'Reilly. He did this by using equipment that Thomas Edison used to engrave hard surfaces.
In a lifetime, an average human produces 10,000 gallons of saliva
A slug has four noses
Chili Powder was invented in the 19th century in the American Southwest
The sea cucumber spills its internal organs out as a defense mechanism
Approximately 25,000 workers died during the building of the Panama Canal and approximately 20,000 of them contracted malaria and yellow fever
Braces were first invented by Pierre Fauchard in 1728. The braces were made by a flat strip of metal, which was connected to the teeth by thread.
Marilyn Monroe had six toes
There is a town in Texas called Ding Dong. In 1990, the population was only twenty-two people
The total volume of mail that went through the Canadian postal system in 1950 was 1,362,310,155 items
The highest toll paid by a ship to cross the Panama Canal was by the Crown Princess on May 2, 1993 in the amount of $141,349.97 U.S. funds
The name of the famous snack "Twinkies" was invented by seeing a billboard in St. Louis, that said "Twinkle Toe Shoes."
The word "Nazi" is actually an abbreviation for Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei, which refers to the National Socialist German Workers Party
The unique characteristics of Barbie dolls in Japan are that they have their lips closed with no teeth showing
The Coca Cola company offers more than 300 different beverages
Neptune was the first planet in our solar system to be discovered by mathematics
Five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married
Camel is considered unclean meat in the Bible
Soldier Field is the oldest field in the NFL
In the U.S., over one million gallons of cosmetics, drinks, and lotions are sold that contain aloe in them per year
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the"General Purpose" vehicle, G.P.
Eating eight strawberries will provide you with more Vitamin C than an orange
The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It To Beaver".
Mosquitoes have teeth
To be born on Sunday was considered a sign of great sin during the Puritan times
The citrus soda "7 UP" was created in 1929. The original name of the popular drink was "Bib-Label Lithiated Lemon-Lime Soda", but it got changed to "7 UP."
The average four year-old child asks over four hundred questions a day
Prosopagnosia refers to the inability to identify people by their faces. In severe cased prosopagnosia a person may not be able to identify themselves in a mirror
On November 29, 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an "Honorary Harlem Globetrotter."
An adult sheep can eat between 1 to 4 kg of food per day
In 1888, Hollywood was founded by Harvey and Daeida Wilcox, who named the city after their summer home in Chicago
Blood is such a good stain that Native Americans used it for paint
In 1876, the first microphone was invented by Emile Berliner.
"I am." is the second shortest complete sentence in the English language
On average, a person will spend about five years eating during their lifetime
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history. Spades - King David, Clubs - Alexander the Great, Hearts - Charlemagne, Diamonds - Julius Caesar
Many cancer patients that are treated with chemotherapy lose their hair. For some when the hair grows back, it can grow back a different colour, or be curly or straight
A volcano has enough power to shoot ash as high as 50 km into the atmosphere
The longest hiccups on record was by an American pig farmer whose hiccups persisted from 1922 to 1987
Coupons were introduced in 1894 when Asa Candler bought the Coca-Cola formula for $2,300 and gave people coupons that he had written out to receive a free glass of coke
Panthers are known as black leopards, as they are the same species of leopard. If looked at closely, black spots can be seen on a panther
Approximately 25% of all scald burns to children are from hot tap water and is associated with more deaths than with any other liquid
In London, during rush hour traffic moves on average at 13 kilometres an hour
Tomatoes and cucumbers are fruits
In the United States, approximately 50 million people fish per year
Cattle can produce up to 180 litres of saliva in one day
Dolphins hear by having sound waves transmit through their skull to their inner ear region
Teflon was accidently discovered by scientist Dr. Roy Plunkett while he was conducting a coolant gas experiment in 1938
The risk of cardiovascular disease is twice as high in women that snore regularly compared to women who do not snore. updated
Close to 80% of people who watch the Super Bowl on television, only do so to view the commercials
The first theatre to show motion pictures was the Nickelodeon on June 19, 1905 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It was opened by Harry Davis on Smithfield Street
The White House has a movie theater, swimming pool, bowling lane, jogging track, and a tennis court
About two hundred years before the birth of Christ, the Druids used mistletoe to celebrate that winter was approaching
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, dogs only have about ten
A butterfly can see the colors red, green, and yellow
In the game of Monopoly, the most landed on properties are B&O Railroad, Illinois Avenue, and "Go."
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the "American Pie." (Thus the nameof the Don McLean song.)
Lions cannot roar until they reach the age of two.
A baby kangaroo is called a joey
Montreal is the second largest French speaking city after Paris
There were 43,687 toilet related accidents in the United States in 1996
In Albania, nodding your head means "no" and shaking your head means "yes."
Ringo Starr appeared in a Japanese advertisement for apple sauce. Ironically his name means "apple sauce" in Japanese
The average US worker toils for two hours and 47 minutes of each working day just to pay income tax. Indeed, the average American pays more in taxes than for food, clothing and shelter put together
There is cyanide in apple pips
True spiders always have organs for spinning silk known as spinnerets
Great Britain has the highest consumption of ice cream than any other European nation
Every continent has a city called Rome
The movie "Cleopatra" cost $44 million to make in 1963. The same movie would now cost $300 million to make taking inflation into account
A species of dolphin is born naturally blind in the Indus and Ganges rivers in South Asia. These dolphins have a highly sophisticated sonar system and swim on only one side of their body
Kermit the Frog was named after Kermit Scott, a childhood friend of creator Jim Henson, who became a professor of philosophy at Purdue University
Weatherman Willard Scott was the first Ronald McDonald
Aztec emperor Montezuma had a nephew, Cuitlahac, whose name meant "plenty of excrement."
Hang On Sloopy is the official rock song of Ohio.
Actor Sylvester Stallone once had a job as a lion cage cleaner
Play-Doh was introduced in 1956 by Hasbro Inc. The only color availabe was an off white, and it came in one size which a one and a half pound can
The USSR launched the world's first artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, in 1957.
An oyster can change its gender
From all the states, Montana has the most different species of animals
The actual smallest sovereign entity in the world is the Sovereign Military Order of Malta (S.M.O.M.). It is located in the city of Rome, Italy, has an area of two tennis courts, and as of 2001 has a population of 80, 20 less people than the Vatican. It is a sovereign entity under international law, just as the Vatican is
Queen Elizabeth I always wore a necklace with a little perfume bottle attached everywhere she went
A group of people that are hired to clap at a performance are called a claque
The tallest tree recorded is located in Humboldt Redwoods State Park, California. It is a coast redwood and has been measured at 117 metres high
In 1926, a waiter in Budapest committed suicide. He left his suicide note in the form of a crossword and the police had to get help from the public to solve it
Anti-American demonstrators protesting in Bangladesh after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks carried posters of Osama bin Laden sitting alongside Bert, a beloved Sesame Street Muppet character
Polar bear livers contain so much Vitamin A that it can be fatal if eaten by a human
Leather skin does not have any smell. The leather smell that you sense is actually derived from the materials used in the tanning process
Finland is also known as "the land of of the thousand lakes," because of the over 188,000 lakes found in this country
In an year, an average American kid eats 46 slices of pizza
In Las Vegas, casinos do not have any clocks
Bubble gum contains rubber
When Kleenex was first introduced to the market in 1924, it was marketed as a make up or cold cream remover
In the year 1900, for a women to be a telephone operator she had to be between the ages of 17 and 26 and not be married
The first spacecraft to visit the planet Venus was Mariner 2 in 1962.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure
Babies that are exposed to cats and dogs in their first year of life have a lower chance of developing allergies when they grow older
Urophobia is the fear of urine or urinating
In 1949, forecasting the relentless march of science, Popular Mechanics said "Computers in the future may weigh no more than 1.5 tons."
Water that is safe to drink is referred to as POTABLE
Actor John Ritter was the voice of Clifford, from "Clifford The Big Red Dog."
Chocolate accounts for less than two percent of the fat in the American diet
The band Duran Duran got their name from an astronaut in the 1968 Jane Fonda movie "Barbarella."
The accent that Mike Myers used for the character Shrek came from the accent that his mother would use when she was telling him bedtime stories when he was a child
In the Netherlands, there are special traffic lanes for bicycles. There are approximately 17,000 kms of cycle lanes with special bicycle traffic lights.
It was believed by Ancient Hindus that the world was a sphere and rested on the back of four elephants, which stood on a turtle
Alexander the Great and Julius Caesar were both epileptic
Every year, more than one million miles of Twizzlers licorice is made
A penguin swims at a speed of approximately 15 miles per hour
The word Thailand means "land of the free."
A rose imprint that was fossilized in a slate was discovered in Florisant, Colorado, which is said to be thirty-five million years old
U.S. bills are 2.61 inches wide, 6.14 inches long, and are .0043 inches thick and weigh 1 gram
The highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere is Mount Aconcagua in Argentina. It rises 22,834 feet above sea level
The Barn Owls hearing is so highly developed that they can hunt for their prey in total darkness
The average number of bridesmaids at a wedding is four
Average number of people airborne over the US any given hour: 61,000
In 1876, Maria Spelterina was the first woman to ever cross Niagara Falls on a high wire
On April 6, 1925, the first in-flight movie was shown. It was a silent film and appeared on a Deutsche Luft Hansa flight
The temperature of lightning bolts is sometimes hotter than the surface of the sun.
When Burger King introduced the Whopper Sandwich in 1957, it cost only thirty-seven cents
Chopsticks originated from China approximately 4,000 years ago
The favorite honeymoon place is Hawaii
The 1960 Summer Olympics were the first Olympics to be aired on television by CBS
The Canadian holiday Boxing Day got its name from the custom of giving. Servants were given boxes which had money hidden inside them from their employers. The servants would have to break the box into pieces to get the money
In proportion, if Jupiter were a basketball, then the sun would be the size of the Louisiana Super Dome
The Toronto Maple Leafs used to be called the Toronto Arenas, then the St. Patricks and finally the Maple Leafs
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge
Next to Warsaw, Chicago has the largest Polish population in the world
In 1391, China began producing toliet paper for use by its Emperors
In the United States, the most frequent month for a tornado to occur is in May.
There are some ice creams that are 75% air
In the United States, lightning hits the ground 40 million times a year.
A mother hen turns her egg approximately 50 times in a day. This is so the yolk does not stick to the shell
The reason why flamingos are pink is because they eat shrimp which have a red pigment
Totally Hair Barbie is the best selling Barbie of all time. It sold over ten million units
Jellyfish have been on Earth for over 650 million years. This is before sharks and dinosaurs
Although white wine can be produced from both red and white grapes, red wine can only be created from red grapes
Shirley Temple was considered to play the role of Dorothy in "The Wizard of Oz."
Babies that wear disposable diapers are five times more likely to get a diaper rash than babies wearing a cotton diaper
One million cloud droplets are needed to make enough water to produce one raindrop.
In the world, the Netherlands has the highest concentration of museums in the world. Just in Amsterdam alone there are 42 museums
Amongst pre-schoolers, Caillou is the fastest-ever-growing television show and is seen in close to 97% of U.S. households
Rice flour was used to strengthen some of the bricks that make up the Great Wall of China
Research has indicated that a tie that is on too tight can increase the risk of glaucoma in men
Each year all of the Hostess bakeries combined bake 500 million Twinkies a year. (A twinkie is a sponge cake with a creamy filling.)
Charlie Chaplin once lost a contest for a Charlie Chaplin look a like
Pluto is the only planet in our solar system that has not been visited by a spacecraft
The worlds tallest free fall rollercoaster is The Giant Drop located in Australia. The drops is 120 meters which is equivalent to a 39 storey building
Stalks of sugar cane can reach up to 30 feet
The markings that are found on dice are called "pips."
Joseph Gayetty is credited for inventing toilet paper in 1857. Unfortunately, his invention failed and did not catch on until ten years later
A newly hatched fish is called a "fry."
The music band UB40 got its name from an unemployment form in England
The Olympic Flame was introduced in 1928 in Amsterdam
The YKK on the zipper of your Levis stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushibibaisha, the worlds largest zipper manufacturer
Armadillos can be housebroken
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one-mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies
The material to build the Taj Mahal was brought in from various parts of India by a fleet of 1000 elephants
Medical research has found substances in mistletoe that can slow down tumor growth
In the USA, 32% of employees eat lunch and work at the same time
In Alabama, it is against the law to wear a fake mustache that could cause laughter in the church
In the United States, more than 4.2 million couples live together that are not married
Bill Gates house was partially designed using a Macintosh computer. new
The male howler monkey of Central and South America is the noisiest land animal, which can be heard clearly from a distance of ten miles away
Nerve cells can travel as fast as 120 metres per second
It is said that grapefruit got its name because it grows like grapes in clusters. One cluster can have up to 25 grapefruits
Abdul Kassam Ismael, Grand Vizier of Persia in the tenth century, carried his library with him wherever he went. Four hundred camels carried the 117,000 volumes
An average adult produces about half a litre of flatulent gas per day, resulting in an average of about fourteen occurrences of flatulence a day
Maine is the toothpick capital of the world
Peanut butter is an effective way to to remove chewing gum from hair or clothes
The longest kiss on record lasted 30 hours and 45 minutes. Dror Orpaz and Carmit Tsubara recorded it on April 5, 1999 at a kissing contest held in Tel Aviv, Israel
Polar bears are excellent swimmers. They have been known to swim more than 60 miles without a rest
The most expensive perfume in the world is Parfum VI, which was made by Arthur Burnham. A 4 inch bottle which is covered with diamonds and 24-carat gold costs $71,380
If Wal-Mart was classified as a country, it would be the 24th most productive country in the world
Cimeti?re du P?re Lachaise located in Paris is the most visited cemetery in the world. The cemetery opened in 1805 and has over one million people buried there, including rock star Jim Morrison
In Australia, a dust-devil is called a "willy-willy
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is 58.36 metres above the ground
Americans write approximately 50 billion checks a year making it the second most frequent payment method used after cash
The name "Snickers" for the popular candy bar was named after a horse that the Mars family owned
The #1 peanut producing state is Georgia
Keeping Warm With an Axe, is the title of a real how-to book. Click Here For More Details
An artificial Christmas tree last up to six years in a home
Women are four times more likely to have foot problems than men
In 1783, the hot air balloon was invented in France.
There was an army general during the Liberia Civil War who used to lead his army into battle naked. His nickname was "General Butt Naked." Joshua Milton Blahyi (his real name) is now an evangelical preacher in Monrovia
There are no two zebras who have stripes that are exactly the same
The Angel Falls in Venezuela were named after an American pilot, Jimmy Angel, whose plane got stuck on top of the mountain while searching for gold
Lake Ontario was originally named Lake St. Louis
Actor John Travolta was offered the role of Billy Flynn many times for the movie "Chicago." Richard Gere ended up playing the role
The Canadian province of New Brunswick had a bloodless war with the US state of Maine in 1839
There are more than 2,400 flea species in the world
Ninety-nine percent of pumpkins sold in the United States are for the sole purpose of decoration
David McConnell started the California Perfume Company (CPC) in 1886. Today the company is known as Avon, which he named after his favorite playwright William Shakespeare, and Stratford on Avon
Americans did not commonly use forks until after the Civil War
Chicago has the largest cookie factory, where Nabisco made over 4.6 billion "Oreo" cookies in 1997
In 1963, Mister Rogers was ordained as a Presbyterian minister
There was a post office on the Russian space station Mir. Visiting cosmonauts would use unique postal "markers" to stamp envelopes and other items as having flown aboard the Mir space station
In one day, 230 marriage licenses are issued in Las Vegas
Every second there are 418 Kit Kat fingers eaten in the world
The Great Comet of 1843 had a tail that was over 300 kilometres long.
The dumbest dog in the world is the Afghan Hounds
There are no blossoms on the branches of a fig tree, instead it is inside the fruit
The largest chicken egg ever laid weighed a pound and had a double yolk and shell
Billiards used to be so popular at one time that cigarette cards were issued featuring players
Chewing gum has rubber as an ingredient
An orca whale can hold its breath for up to 15 minutes
Alexander the Great was an epileptic
Wood frogs can be frozen solid and then thawed, and continue living. They use the glucose in their body to protect their vital organs while they are in a frozen state
Canadians eat more Kraft Dinner (Macaroni and Cheese) per capita than any other country in the world
In a day, a mature oak tree can draw approximately 50 gallons of water
The reason why bubble gum is pink is because the inventor only had pink colouring left. Ever since then, the colour of bubble gum has been predominantly pink
Emilio Marco Palma was the first person born in Antarctica in 1978
A top freestyle swimmer achieves a speed of only 4 miles per hour. Fish, in contrast, have been clocked at 68 mph
Every single hamster in the United States today comes from a single litter captured in Syria in 1930
Research on pigs led to the development of CAT scans.
The Hundred Years War lasted for 116 years
Some dolphins can swim up to 40 kilometers an hour
In the last 30 years, only seven people have been killed by a polar bear in Canada
The longest U.S. highway is Route 20, which is over 3,365 miles
The largest LEGO castle that was ever built was built with 400,000 LEGO bricks and was 4.45 m x 5.22 m
In the U.S. there are approximately 65.8 million cats
One of the steepest main streets in Canada is located in Saint John, New Brunswick. Over a distance of two blocks the street rises about 80 feet
Avery Laser Labels are named after company founder R. Stanton Avery
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado
On September 9, 1950 dubbed laughter was used for the first time on television. It was used for the sitcom "The Hank McCune Show."
A violin actually contains 70 separate pieces of wood
The human heart can create enough pressure that it could squirt blood at a distance of thirty feet
One out of four American households own a cat
Queen Lydia Liliuokalani was the last reigning monarch of the Hawaiian Islands. She was also the only Queen the United States ever had
Every day 2,700 people die of heart disease
There are 10 million bacteria at the place where you rest your hands at a desk
The quills of a porcupine are soft when they are born
An average American child watches approximately 28 hours of television in one week
Quality standards for pasta were set in the 13th century by the Pope
The A.A. Milne character of Winnie the Pooh made his animated film debut in 1966 in Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree
People have the tendency to chew the food on the side that they most often use their hand
Antarctica is the only land on our planet that is not owned by any country
The Pentagon, in Arlington, Virginia, has twice as many bathrooms as isnecessary. When it was built in the 1940s, the ste of Virginia stillhad segregation laws requiring separate toilet facilities for blacks andwhites.
The Lemon shark grows about 24,000 new teeth a year. A new set of teeth grow approximately every 14 days
One billion seconds is about 32 years
An average American eats approximately 60 hot dogs per year
Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation
The water displacement product, WD-40, can be found in 80% of American homes
Dexter is the smallest type of cow. This cow was bred to be a small size for household living
As part of the original design, the names of 72 French scientists and other famous people is imprinted on the sides of the Eiffel tower
The first domain name ever registered was Symbolics.com
Thirty to 40 gallons of sugar maple sap must be boiled down to make just one gallon of maple syrup
The most frequent season for most suicides to occur is in the spring. The winter months have the lowest number of suicides
A seven year old boy was the first person to survive the Horeshoe Falls (Niagara Falls) in just a life jacket
The longest punt return for a touchdown was 103 yards
The most popular Hot Wheels vehicle sold is the Corvette
A giraffe is able to clean its ears with its own tongue
The slowest growing finger nail is on the thumb nail and the fastest growing is the finger nail on the middle finger
Flu shots only work about 70% of the time
People of Salt Lake City eat the most lime-flavoured gelatin Jell-O in the United States
In a survey conducted in 2000 by Kimberly-Clark, it was found that men prefer to fold their toilet paper, and women like to wad it
On average, a person has two million sweat glands
France, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Greece, and Australia have always been in the modern Olympics since it began in 1896
The longer white infants from low-income families are breast-fed, the less likely they will be overweight as young children, researchers said on Monday
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
The Boston University Bridge (on Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts) is one of the few places in the world where a boat can sail under a train driving under a car driving under an airplane
The most popular treat for Halloween trick-or-treaters are candy bars with Snickers being the most popular
Corned beef got its name because this beef was preserved with pellets of salt that were the size of corn kernels, which was also referred to as "corns" of salt
The Canandian province of New Brunswick had a bloodless war with the US state of Maine in 1839.
In 1908, the first machine to make lollipops opened for business in New Haven, Connecticut
In 1976, a Los Angeles secretary named Jannene Swift officially married a fifty pound rock. More than twenty people witnessed the ceremony
The most diners per capita in the world are located in the U.S. state New Jersey
In Denmark, people eat about 36 pounds of candy a year. The highest consumption of candy of any country
John Van Wormer invented paper milk cartons after dropping a bottle of milk one morning. The bottle broke spilling the milk everywhere. That annoyance was enough for Van Wormer to come up with the idea.
The long fibres that are found in bananas are excellent in making paper. The long fibres that are found in the banana plant can make the banana fibre paper approximately 3000 times stronger than regular paper
The state of Tennessee was known as Franklin before 1796
Over 90% of poison exposures occur in homes
Honolulu, Hawaii boasts the only royal palace in the United States of America
Seven asteroids were especially named for the Challenger astronauts who were killed in the 1986 failed launch of the space shuttle
Americans consumed more than twenty billion hot dogs in 2000
The production of toilet paper in China began in 1391, which was used for the Emperors
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days of yorewhen the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on theground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
It would take approximately twenty-four trees that are on average six to eight inches in diameter to produce one ton of newsprint for the Sunday edition of the New York Times
Every year, kids in North America spend close to half a billion dollars on chewing gum
The tuatara lizard of New Zealand has three eyes, two in the center of its head and one on the top of its head
The world population of chickens is about equal to the number of people
The largest number of children born to one woman, who was a Russian peasant is 69
In a lifetime, an average driver will release approximately 912 pints of wind inside a car
The loss of eyelashes is referred to as madarosis
Approximately 75% of human poop is made of water
The popular chocolate bar "Three Musketeers" got its name because when it was first introduced in 1932 there were three individual bars. The flavours were strawberry, chocolate, and vanilla
Every photograph of the first American atomic bomb detonation was taken by Harold Edgerton
Heinz Catsup leaving the bottle travels at 25 miles per year
In 1864, A Quebec farmer found a frog inside a hailstone
Actor Sylvester Stallone once had a job as a lion cage cleaner
The first time there was an instance where they had a separate toilet for women and men was in 1739 at a ball in Paris
In the marriage ceremony of the Ancient Inca Indians of Peru, the couple was considered officially wed when they took off their sandals and handed them to each other
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable
Some birds have been know to put ants into their feathers because the ants squirt formic acid, which kills parasites
On average, 42,000 balls are used and 650 matches are played at the annual Wimbledon tennis tournament
The WD in WD-40 stands for Water Displacer
Lachanophobia is the fear of vegetables
Lake Baikal, in Siberia, is the deepest lake in the world
In the Middle Ages, peacocks and swans were sometimes served at Christmas dinners
India has the most post offices in the world
Women take three times longer than men when using the toilet
In America, approximately 25% of kids aged 6-14 have a magaznie subscription
Canada has more donut shops per capita than the United States
In 1886, Coca-cola was first served at a pharmacy in Atlanta, Georgia for only five cents a glass. A pharmacist named John Pemberton created the formula for Coca-cola
75% of all raisins eaten by people in the United States are eaten at breakfast
Whale oil was used in some car transmissions until 1973
Flamingos are able to fly at a speed of approximately 55 kilometers an hour. In one night they can travel about 600 km
1 out of every 4 kids in the USA is overweight
"Kemo Sabe" means "soggy shrub" in Navajo
In 1903, there were originally only eight Crayola crayons in a box and they sold for five cents
Men are able to read fine print better than women can
On average, 150 couples get married in Las Vegas each day
Spiders usually have eight eyes, but still they cannot see that well
One ragweed plant can release as many as a million grains of pollen in one day
Women hearts beat faster than men
The Central African raffia palm is known to have the longest leaves. The leaves can measure up to 82.5 feet long.
Due to the shortages of lead and metals during World War II, toothpaste was packaged in plastic tubes and have been ever since
It is estimated that 93% of American children will go out trick or treating for Halloween
In humans, the epidermal layer of skin, which consists of many layers of skin regenerates every 27 days
A group of crows is called a murder
Ellen Macarthur, yachtswoman, had a total of 891 naps in 94 days that were each 36 minutes long while on her Vendee Round the Globe yacht race
Davao City, located at the Southern state of Philippines, is the largest city in the world in terms of area
Castaways Travel, a Houston-area travel agency, offers an all-nude flight to Cancun Mexico. Once the plane reaches cruising altitude, you are allowed to take off all your clothes and roam about the cabin
People generally read 25% slower from a computer screen compared to paper
Certain female species of spiders such as the Australian crab spider, sacrifice their bodies as a food source for their offspring
One grape vine produce can produce about 20 to 30 glasses of wine
The TV show "Saturday Night Live" made its debut on October 11, 1975
In a pack of Skittles candy, there is an equal 20% distribution of each flavour
The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude. They were named by then-mayor Fiorello LaGuardia
The Hubble telescope is so powerful that it is like pointing a beam of light at a dime that is two hundred miles away.
The word "umbrella" is derived from the Latin root word "umbra", which means shade or shadow
An ear of corn consists of 80% water
Leonardo Da Vinci never signed or dated his most famous painting, the Mona Lisa
On average people fear spiders more than they do death
Every day, over five billion gallons of water are flushed down toilets in the United States
In one trip, a honey bee visits about 75 flowers
Barney, the famous dinosaur that entertains kids is from Dallas
Jupiter is the fastest rotating planet, which can complete one revolution in less than ten hours
A chicken loses its feathers when it becomes stressed
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously
The first Tupperware item marketed was the seven-ounce bathroom cup in 1945
Sharks are immune to cancer
Manicuring the nails has been done by people for more than 4,000 years
Approximately 1 billion stamps are produced in Australia annually
The study of the iris of the eye is called iridology
Back in 1919, the Russian transplant pioneer Serge Voronoff made headlines by grafting monkey testicles onto human males.
The word Cotton originates from the Arabic word "Qutun."
In 1946, the New York Yankees became the first baseball team to travel by plane
Mummy powder was once thought to be a cure for all remedies. English men used to carry the powder with them in a tiny bag wherever they went
By recycling just one glass bottle, the amount of energy that is being saved is enough to light a 100 watt bulb for four hours
Slinkys were invented by an airplane mechanic; he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use of one of the springs
The most popular brand of raisins is Sunmaid
Estuarine crocodiles are the biggest of all 26 species of the crocodilian family
Alaska got its name from the Aluet word "Alyeska" which means "The Great Land."
The Mall of America, located in Bloomington, Minnesota is so big that it can hold 24,336 school buses
Every second, 630 steel cans are recycled
The word witch comes from the word "wicca" which translates to the "wise one."
If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have$1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without beingable tomake change for a dollar.
In the United States, poisoning is the fourth leading cause of death among children
Surveys indicate that the number one reason people play BINGO is for leisure
In 1916, Charlie Chaplin was making $10,000 a week, making him the highest paid actor of his time
Annually, an Australian eats 15 kg of bananas, which comes out to 27 meters of bananas
The largest stamp was issued by China and measured 210 x 65 mm
Nazi leader Adolf Hitler had only one testicle
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days when the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases
The best selling Crayola crayon box is the set of 24 crayons
People that smoke have 10 times as many wrinkles as a person that does not smoke
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark. (Hence, the light bulb?)
The name of the character that is behind bars in the Monopoly board game is Jake the Jailbird
In Colorado, there are about 83,000 dairy cows
Just by recycling one aluminum can, enough energy would be saved to have a TV run for three hours.
The first telephone call from the White House was from Rutherford Hayes to Alexander Graham Bell
Turtles can breathe through their butts
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
A glockenspiel is a musical instrument that is like a xylophone. It has a series of metal bars and is played with two hammers
Teenage suicide is the second cause of death in the state of Wisconsin
Diamonds were first discovered in the riverbeds of the Golconda region of India over 4,000 years ago.
French artist, Michel Vienkot, uses cow dung as paint when he creates his pictures
Canada is an Indian word meaning "village" or "settlement."
There are 122 pebbles per square inch on a Spalding basketball
The seventeenth president of the United States, Andrew Johnson did not know how to read until he was 17 years old
The fastest growing tissue in the human body is hair
Bhutan issued a stamp in 1973 that looked like a record and actually would play the Bhutanese national anthem if placed on a record player
Asparagus comes in three colors: green, white and purple
Only two people signed the Declaration of Independence on July 4th, JohnHancock and Charles Thomson. Most of the rest signed on August 2, butthe last signature wasn't added until 5 years later.
A cubic yard of air weighs about 2 pounds at sea level.
Pancakes are served for breakfast, lunch and dinner in Australia
A lion feeds once every three to four days
A honey bee has four wings
Chedder cheese is the best selling cheese in the USA
In the movie "The Matrix Reloaded" a 17 minute battle scene cost over $40 million to produce
According to research, Los Angeles highways are so congested that the average commuter sits in traffic for 82 hours a year
Over one million Pet Rocks were sold in 1975, makine Gary Dahl, of Los Gatos, California, a millionaire. He got the idea while joking with friends about his pet that was easy to take care of, which was a rock
First novel ever written on a typewriter: Tom Sawyer
Because metal was scarce; the Oscars given out during World War II were made of plaster
The head of a jellyfish is called the "Bell."
The game Monopoly has been played by approximately 500 million people in the world, and the game is available in 26 languages
The dragonfly has not changed over the last 300 million years
In 1983, a Japanese artist, Tadahiko Ogawa, made a copy of the Mona Lisa completely out of ordinary toast
Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear: 7
Cotton crops can be sprayed up to 40 times a year making it the most chemical-intensive crop in the world
The "Star Spangled Banner" did not become a national anthem until 1931. It was designated by an Act of Congress
Every year in the U.S., there are 178,000 new cases of lung cancer
On average, the American household consumes six pounds of peanut butter annually
A housefly can only ingest liquid material. They regurgitate their food to liquify the food that they are going to eat
Bugs Bunny was originally called "Happy Rabbit."
In 1685, New France used playing cards as currency because of the shortage of coins
Sharks have upper and lower eyelids, but they do not blink
The size of a red blood cell is 708 microns. This is equivalent to one millionth of a meter
In 1657, the first chocolate house was opened in London, England. The cost of chocolate was about 13 shillings per pound and was a drink that only the elite enjoyed
In the movie "Gandhi" 300,000 extras appeared in the funeral scene. Of the 300,000, approximately 100,000 received a small fee, and the other 200,000 did it for free
O.J. Simpson had a severe case of rickets and wore leg braces when he was a child
The majority of cats do not have any eyelashes
Reindeer like to eat bananas
A barnacle has the largest penis of any other animal in relation to its size
The hottest chili in the world is the Tezpur chili pepper
Over half the textile fibers that are used in the world are cotton
You can send a postcard from Hell. There is a small town located in the Cayman Islands called "Hell." They even have a post office
The property (ID, Facts) VALUES on the Monopoly game board are the same today as they were in 1935
The song "Happy Birthday" brings in about $2 million in licensing revenue to Warner Communications who hold the copyright to the song
In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world'snuclear weapons combined.
Ed Cox from San Francisco invented the pot scrubbing S.O.S. pads in 1917. His wife came up with the name, which stands for "Save Our Saucepans."
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
Another word for hiccups is "singultus."
Better wine can be produced by the soil being of poor quality. This is because the vines have to "work" harder
A white tiger can only be born when both parents carry the gene for white colouring
Lipogram refers to writing that does not have certain letter or letters
In October 1986, Pepsi paid close to $840 million to Nabisco for the Kentucky Fried Chicken empire
Edinburgh has more booksellers per head of population than any other city in Britain
The most common rock on Earth is basalt
The papaya tree is known as "the medicinal tree" in some cultures because it?s seeds and leaves have been used as ingredients in different medicines
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear
In one gram of soil, about ten million bacteria live in it
When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone back in 1876, only six phones were sold in the first month.
Americans eat approximately 20 pounds of pasta per person each year
Dolphins sleep with one eye open
Minnows have teeth located on a bone in their throat
The 20th president of the United States James Garfield could write Greek with one hand and Latin with the other at the same time
Japan uses the most energy per year than any other country.
Over 436,000 U.S. Troops were exposed to depleted uranium during the first Gulf war
Approximately two gallons of water are used to brush your teeth
Two-thirds of Canadians live in Quebec and Ontario
The first television show to show any portion of a toilet was on "Leave it to Beaver." After fighting for ten weeks to show the toilet, CBS would only allow the producers to show the toilet tank, and not the whole toilet
Texas is the only state that is allowed to fly its flag at the same height as the U.S. flag
German immigrant, Louis Prang was the first to bring Christmas cards to America
In total, Americans eat more than 45 billion sandwiches each year, while sales of custom-made sandwiches are rising 15 percent per year
Ninety percent of the population has an innie belly button
The fear of Halloween is called Samhainophobia
In France, the Big Dipper is called the "casserole."
The first African-American to receive a Nobel Peace Prize was Ralph J. Bunche in 1950
Dolphins can swim and sleep at the same time
Of all the golfers in Canada, 71.4% golfers are male, 28.6% are female
Research indicates that babies who suck on pacifiers are more prone to ear aches
In 1917, Margaret Sanger was jailed for one month for establishing the first birth control clinic
Iguanas can recognize their human handlers and greet them differently, compared with strangers
Being lactose intolerant can cause chronic flatulence
Some of the titles that were considered for the hit T.V. show "Friends" were Six Of One, Across the Hall, and Insomnia Cafe
The only bone fully grown at birth is located in the ear
The incidents of immune system diseases has increased over 200% in the last five years
"dous":tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous
Bananas contain a natural chemical which can make a person happy. This same chemical is found in Prozac
The only desert in Canada is located in Osoyoos, British Columbia
The city of Seoul has been the capital city of Korea for more than 600 years
Romans used to believe that walnuts could cure head ailments during the Renaissance, since their shape was similar to that of a brain
There are coffee flavored PEZ
Half of the 42 U.S. Presidents are of Irish descent
The General Lee cars used in the popular show The Dukes of Hazards were 1969 Dodge Chargers
The word "limelight" that is used in theatre to refer to the performers on the stage originated because before electricity was available lime was burned in a lamp, which created a white light that was directed at the performers
Many hamsters only blink one eye at a time
In Kentucky, it is illegal to carry ice cream in your back pocket
In 1988, the largest ice cream sundae in history was made. It was made in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, and weighed in at over 24 tons
Sports Illustrated has the largest sports magazine circulation
There are some hospitals in Shanghai that have issued a rule that a nurse must wear lipstick while on duty
Thirteen percent of the human population reside in deserts
There are more chickens than people in the world
In 1958, the Crayola crayon color "Prussian Blue" was changed to "Midnight Blue" by the request of teachers as kids could not relate to Prussian history
Americans on average use about 580 pounds of paper per year per person
Wild turkeys can run at speeds of up to 25 miles per hour
Annually, fires that occur at home kill more Americans than all natural disasters combined
The only sound Seahorses make is a small clicking or popping sound during feeding or courtship
The Baltimore Orioles opened the 1988 baseball season by losing the first 21 games and 107 altogether for the entire season
Border collies are the most intelligent breed of dog
Tug of War was an Olympic event between 1900 and 1920
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar
Coca-Cola used to contain cocaine when it was initially introduced
All the Krispy Kreme donut stores collectively could make a doughnut stack as high as the Empire State Building in only 2 minutes
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, (the same stuff in pepcid AC) thus the name
The first letter Vanna White ever turned on the game show Wheel of Fortune was the letter "T."
Harley Proctor got the idea to name the soap "Ivory" while he was listening to a bible reading at a church in 1879
The average American drinks 400 glasses of milk in a year
Canada beat Denmark 47-0 at the 1949 world hockey championships. new
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
Each Jelly Belly jelly belly bean has 4 calories
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched."
Only 55 percent of all Americans know that the sun is a star
Kissing can aid in reducing tooth decay. This is because the extra saliva helps in keeping the mouth clean
There is a place called Hell, Michigan. It is about 50 miles from Detroit, Michigan
In 1929, the Coca-Cola slogan was "The Pause That Refreshes."
Bamboo plants can grow up to 36 inches in a day.
Since the United Nations was founded in 1945, there have been 140 wars
Goat meat contains up to 45 percent less saturated fat than chicken meat
Chef Boyardee is actually a real person. His real name is Hector Boiardi and he was born in northern Italy in 1898
Bill Bowerman, the co-founder of the shoe company Nike, got his first shoe idea after staring at a waffle iron. This gave him the idea of using squared spikes to make the shoes lighter
In 1989, the space shuttle Discovery carried 32 fertilized chicken eggs into orbit
The most recycled product in the world is the automobile.
Before the 17th century, carrots used to be the colour purple
William Taft who was the U.S. president between 1909-1913 once got stuck in the White House bathtub
If all the Oreo cookies ever sold were stacked on top of one another, they would be as high as 13.3 million Sears Towers
Ancient Egyptians kissed with their noses instead of with their lips
Krispy Kreme make five million doughnut a day
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross
There were no red colored M&Ms from 1976 to 1987
In 1681, the last dodo bird died
There are over 600 different pasta shapes
Some people start to sneeze if they are exposed to sunlight or have a light shined into their eye
In 1989, twenty-three people were hired in Jacksonville Florida just to flush toilets so the pipes would not freeze
Lake Baikal is the oldest freshwater lake on Earth, having formed between 20 and 25 million years ago
From 1939 to 1942, there was a undersea post office in the Bahamas
An owl has three eyelids
Instead of a birthday cake, many children in Russia are given a birthday pie
Atlantic salmon can jump as high as 4.5 meters out of the water
Although the outsides of a bone are hard, they are generally light and soft inside. They are about 75% water
Each nostril of a human being register smell in a different way. Smells that are made from the right nostril are more pleasant than the left. However, smells can be detected more accurately when made by the left nostril
Children who are breast fed tend to have an IQ seven points higher than children who are not
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king fromhistory. Spades - King David; Clubs - Alexander the Great; Hearts -Charlemagne;and Diamonds - Julius Caesar.
There are no ants in Iceland, Antarctica and Greenland
In the United States, approximately 135 million cars travel every day on the streets, roads, and interstates.
A salmon with two mouths, two sets of teeth and two tongues was caught by Bob Bateman of Canada
There is a "cemetery town" in California named Colma. Concerns about the public health, crime, and the need for space forced the city of San Francisco to outlaw burials in 1902. The city of Colma, which is five miles south of San Francisco, was established to bury the dead. The ratio of dead to living people is 750 to 1
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors
In Belgium, there is a museum that is just for strawberries
The most reproduced image in the world is Mickey Mouse, which can be found on over 7,500 different items
On average a person passes gas 14 times a day
Vasaloppet, which is located in Sweden is the oldest, longest, and the biggest cross-country ski race in the world. Every year, 14,000 people compete in the race
The clown fish has the ability to change its sex. If a breeding female dies, the male fish will change its sex and mate with another male
Bats sleep during the day and feed at night. The place that bats sleep in is called the "roost."
The puma and the leopard are the highest jumping mammals. They are able to reach a height of 16.5 feet
The chances of getting a cavity is higher if candy is eaten slowly throughout the day compared to eating it all at once and then brushing your teeth
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building
On average, a car driver will swear or blashpheme 32,025 times in their lifetime while driving
The average ear grows 0.01 inches in length every year
The first penny candy to be wrapped in America was the Tootsie Roll in 1896
Buckingham Palace has over six hundred rooms
Male owls weigh less and are smaller than female owls
Hypnotism is banned by public schools in San Diego
The city of Las Vegas has the most hotel rooms in the world
Cows drink anywhere from 25-50 gallons of water each day
In the United Kingdom, three million people play bingo every year
Humans are the only primates that don't have pigment in the palms oftheir hands.
Every square inch of the human body has about 19,000,000 skin cells
In 1994, 7-Eleven coined the term "brain freeze." The word was developed to explain the feeling people get when drinking a Slurpee.
A swordfish can live as long as 25 years and weigh up to 1,200 pounds
Due to eating habits in the USA, one in three children born in the year 2000 have a chance of getting type II diabetes
The world's termites outweigh the world's humans 10 to 1.
Each honeycomb in Honeycomb cereal has seven holes
The Nile river is 6,690 kilometers long
By law, information collected in a U.S. census must remain confidential for seventy-two years
Eighty percent of 10 year old girls in the USA go on a diet
97% of all paper money in the US contains traces of cocaine
The name "Grey Poupon" used for mustard comes from two people: Maurice Grey and Auguste Poupon. Grey was the inventor of a machine that mass produced fine textured mustard, and Poupon was an already established maker of mustard. In 1886 the Grey-Poupon firm was formed
The Faberge, "Winter Egg" was sold in 1994 for $5.6 million. This is the most expensive decorative egg that has ever been sold
The name "Tonka" trucks was named after Lake Minnetonka located in Minnesota. Tonka means "great" in Sioux
18% of an Americans income is spent on transportation
Feb 1865 and Feb 1999 are the only months in recorded history not to have a full moon
Turkeys have a wingspan of approximately 4.5 feet
The first music video ever played on MTV Europe was by Dire Straits, "Money For Nothing."
Arnold Palmer was the first player to win $1 million on the PGA Tour
Three years after a person quits smoking, there chance of having a heart attack is the same as someone who has never smoked before
In a year, the average Americans eats approximately 18 pounds of Turkey
The household wrench was invented by boxing heavyweight champion Jack Johnson in 1922
Squids move through the ocean using a jet of water forced out of the body by a siphon
Back in 1796, dimes were called dismes
Pilgrims did not eat with forks. They only used spoons, knives and their fingers
The average human has about 20 square feet of skin weighing about 6 pounds
Mass murderer Charles Manson recorded an album titled "Lie."
On average, each American consumes approximately two hundred and sixty pounds of meat in a year
The term "The Big Apple" was coined by touring jazz musicians of the 1930s who used the slang expression "apple" for any town or city. Therefore, to play New York City is to play the big time - The Big Apple
An apple, potato, and onion all taste the same if you eat them with your nose plugged. They all taste sweet
The United States has paved enough roads to circle the Earth over 150 times.
Decaffeinated coffee is not 100% caffeine free. When coffee is being decaffeinated, 2% of the caffeine still remains in it
Sales of antacids increase by as much as 20% the day after the Superbowl
Automobile building is the largest manufacturing industry in the world.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes
Polar bears can eat as much as ten percent of their body weight in less than one hour
Marlboro was the first cigarette company to market a cigarette that had a red filter called "beauty tip." This was done to hide the lipstick marks left on the filter from women smokers
In Japan, the number four is considered to be unlucky because the Japanese word for four sounds very similar to the word death
The life expectancy of a $100 bill is nine years
The words moron, imbecile, and idiot are not interchangable. The one with the highest level of intelligence is a moron, followed, by an imbecile, and then idiot
Anise is the scent on the artificial rabbit that is used in greyhound races
The first known American novelist to hand in a manuscript that was typed was Mark Twain. His typewriter was a Remington No.1, which was invented by Christopher Sholes and Carlos Glidden.
The city of Nottingham in England was the first city to have Braille signs (signs for the blind) in its shopping malls for the blind
The only woman that has appeared on a U.S. paper currency is Martha Washington
The name of the Taco Bell dog is Gidget
Each year approximately half of billions dollars is spent on bubble gum by the kids in North America
Hair and fingernails are made from the same substance, keratin
The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night
The number one cause of blindness in adults in the United States is diabetes
India has a Bill of Rights for cows
A drink used to be made by the Aztecs for the gods which had the ingredients of ground cocoa mixed in with spices and corn
In America, the most common mental illness is Anxiety Disorders
The stage were the television sitcom "Friends" is shot on is said to be haunted
Gases that build up in your large intestine cause flatulence. It usually takes about 30 to 45 minutes for these gases to pass through your system
The largest earthworm on record was found in South Africa and measured 22 feet
Whooping cranes are born with blue eyes that change to bright gold by the time they six months old
Belize is the only country in the world with a jaguar preserve
Tomatos were once referred to as "love apples." This is because their was a superstition that people would fall in love by eating them
The American Kestrel hawk weighs only four ounces
A 27 year old heir to a sausage empire was handed a ticket for 116,000 pounds for driving at 80 km/hr in a 40 km/hr zone. This is because the speeding tickets in Finland are based on how much money a person makes
In China, pancakes are generally served as side dishes. They are stuffed with meat, bean sprouts, and other vegetables
93% of all greeting cards are purchased by women
Paper money is not made from wood pulp but from cotton. This means that it will not disintegrate as fast if it is put in the laundry
The most deadly fires that occur in the home happen between 6pm and 10pm
There are over 200 parts in a typical telephone
There is an automobile model called Stutz Bearcat.
If you were standing on Mercury, the Sun would appear 2.5 times larger than it appears from Earth
The water inside of a coconut is identical to human blood plasma. Many lives in third world countries have been saved from coconut water fed through an IV
The least likely day to eat out in the United States is Monday
Little Miss Muffet was a girl from the 16th century whose name was really Patience
In 1978, the World Water Speed record was made by Ken Warby from Australia. His average speed was 317.6 mph, and his jet-powered hydroplane was 27 feet long called "Spirit of Australia." Warby built the boat himself in his back yard
Americans collectively eat one hundred pounds of chocolate every second
People who studies laughter are called a "gelotologists."
Adolf Hitler was one of the people that was responsible in the creation of the Volkswagen Beetle. He came up with the idea of producing a car that was cheap enough for the average German working man to afford.
Chameleons can move their eyes independently. One eye can be looking forward and one eye backward at the same time
Bruce Lee was so fast, that they actually had to slow a film down so you could see his moves. That is the opposite of the norm
Over 90% of diseases are caused or complicated by stress
In 1953, racecar driver Tim Flock raced at Nascar with a monkey in the seat beside him
Taipan snakes have 50 times more toxic than a cobra snake
Influenza caused over twenty-one million deaths in 1918
English sailors were referred to as "limeys" because sailors added lime juice to their diet to combat scurvy
Ukrainian people celebrate Christmas on January 7th, which is the Orthodox Christmas Day
Gorillas are considered apes, not monkeys. The way to distinguish between an ape and a monkey is that apes do not have tails
Early Romans used to use porcupine quills as toothpicks
The longest human beard on record is 17.5 feet, held by Hans N. Langseth who was born in Norway in 1846
Honey is used sometimes for antifreeze mixtures and in the center of golf balls
The size of a raindrop is around 0.5 mm - 2.5 mm, and they fall from the sky on average 21 feet per second.
In the United States, the first cookbook was published in 1796 and it contained a recipes for watermelon rind pickles
The word "walkman" was included in the Oxford English Dictionary in 1986
A headache and inflammatory pain can be reduced by eating 20 tart cherries
There is an area located off the south-eastern Atlantic coast of the United States called the "Bermuda Triangle." It is known for a high rate of unexplained losses of ships, small boats, and aircraft, which has led some people to believe that this triangle has supernatural powers
State with the highest percentage of people who walk to work: Alaska
Some toothpastes and deodorants contain the same chemicals found in antifreeze
The Shroud of Turin is the single most studied artifact in human history
Smartest dogs: 1) Scottish border collie; 2) Poodle; 3) Golden retriever
The sperm count of an average American male compared to thirty years ago is down thirty percent
Humpback whales are capable of living up to 95 years
The 1912, a wrestling match in Stockholm between Finn Alfred Asikainen and Russian Martin Klein lasted more than 11 hours. Klein eventually won, but was to tired to participate in the championship match
Manitoulin Island is the largest island in a fresh water lake. It is located in Canadian Lake Superior
Cost of raising a medium-size dog to the age of eleven: $6,400
The Chinese politician Mao Zedong refused to ever brush his teeth and instead just washed his mouth with tea
The Super Bowl is broadcast to over 182 countries in the world
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour
In 1884, Dr. Hervey D. Thatcher invented the milk bottle.
Some Ribbon worm will eat themselves if they cannot find food. This type of worm can still survive after eating up to 95% of its body weight
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is "uncopyrightable."
Singer Chaka Khan came out with a line of chocolates called "Chakalates."
In a day 34,000 children die every day from causes that are related to poverty and hunger
Contrary to popular belief Chuck Norris, not the Florida Supreme Court, made the final judgement on Terri Schiavo's fate. It was a roundhouse kick to the feeding tube.
A mighty crack was heard around the world as Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the supercontinent, Pangaea, beginning continental drift.
Chuck Norris doesn't understand why you should consult your doctor if your erection lasts for more than 4 hours. His erections have been known to last for up to 15 days.
Chuck Norris doesnt look at the toilet paper after he wipes.
Chuck Norris throws midgets for fun. He used to do it competitively, but it all ended horribly when he killed the pope.
Someone once tried to assassinate Chuck Norris's beard but missed hitting Chuck in the face, Chuck proceeded to beat the holy hell out of the guy using nothing but his penis and elbow, Chuck has since installed security on his beard, with a deflector diverting bullets to his face, since he values his beard more than even his rugged good looks.
Chuck Norris can kill a dog in 7 ways, 4 of which involve throwing missiles at it.
Chuck Norris once went to jail. The morning after his first night all the inmates, all the guards, and the warden had bleeding assholes.
Chuck Norris lucky number is one, becuase thats how many tries it takes him to accomplish any task.
If you ever get the chance to play Chuck Norris in Madden football, he will beat you 56-7.
Chuck Norris refers to himself in fourth person.
Chuck Norris told that one kid from the Sixth Sense that he has AIDS. He then smiled.
Artificial insemination was invented when, during an intense and vigorous masturbation session, Chuck Norris' high velocity ejaculate penetrated a woman's vagina from a quarter of a mile away.
Chuck Norris once killed a man with his bare hands. He then revived him with his bare hands only to end his life with a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris killed Mcgyver by making a set of nun-chucks using newspaper, two toothpicks, a womans weave, and a 3 legged dog.
Chuck Norris' penis is so large, that he in fact has to tie it around his left leg so that it doesn't get in the way of his round-house kick.
Chuck Norris once leaned against a tower in Pisa, Italy.
Chuck Norris can juggle 12 bar stools when drunk but only 8 when sober.
chuck norris invented racism because he thought the world was filled with
Chuck Norris once ate a bad cheese burger at McDonalds. So he tracked down the president of the company, and round house kicked his secretary in the face so hard that she released her bowels onto the office floor. He then force fed the McDolands president the entire mess. This meal is now considered a delicacy in certain parts of the world, and can be found in certain McDonalds establishments under the name
There was once a line of soap based off of Chuck Norris. His face was on every bar. While popular in the early 90s, the soap was discontinued after thousands of women started growing his stern yet sexy beard.
Chuck Norris built the equator to get a leg up on China's
In an attempt to follow in the steps of Dolly Parton, Chuck Norris attempted to open a theme park. Unfortunetly the idea was cast asunder when the name
There are three ways to do things. The right way, the wrong way and the Chuck Norris way. The Chuck Norris way is just the wrong way but with more roundhouse kicks.
Chuck has 5 letters. Norris has 6. When placed together we get 56. 1956 was the year of the first airborn nuclear test. Coincidence? I think not.
Chuck Norris invented death just so he could kill people.
Before Chuck Norris, it used to take the Earth 365 days to revolve around the sun. Then in the fall of 1976, Chuck Norris performed a roundhouse kick so powerful, the shockwave caused the Earth to slow and since then it now takes the Earth 365 and 1/4 days to revolve around the sun. Chuck Norris is the reason we recognize leap years.
The LA riots where not caused by the Rodney King verdict, they were actually started when Chuck Norris let the
Chuck Norris created the Total Gym by physically beating a Ford Pinto into the shape he had in his mind.  The gas tank did explode during the procedure, but not so much as one hair of Chuck Norris's beard was singed.
To keep is his mind sharp Chuck Norris plays Tic-Tac-Toe versus himself. He wins every time.
Chuck Norris wore jeans so tight his wife became sterile.
Chuck Norris was on a season of Survivor once, but the entire season got cut after Chuck Norris murdered everyone on the island for eating his Cheetos.
Chuck Norris occasionally has Missing In Action flashbacks where he's escaping a Vietnam Prison and randomly starts killing Asians with his bare fist because thats the way Chuck rolls. You'll know when it's coming because Asians start flying through the air with random explosions, horrible subtitles will scroll your line of vision, and  Chuck will run and hide in your mom's garden, finally stealing your Kia Sportage screaming,
When asked his opinion about the war in Iraq, Chuck Norris said
Someone once approached Chuck Norris suggesting that rearranging the letters in his name reveals the message
Chuck Norris once crushed a school bus full of children with his forehead.
Chuck Norris always keeps a Werther's Original in his jean pocket... For the kids.
Chuck Norris was playing Tekken 5 one day and finally met his match. His 12-year old son beat him with Eddy Gordo by randomly pressing buttons. Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked his son in the throat killing him instantly. That night Chuck Norris ate well... He ate well indeed...
Chuck Norris is how the West was won.
Jupiter's Great Red Spot isn't a storm. It's where Chuck Norris puts his victims.
Chuck Norris eats Viagra only so that he can have an extra loaded weapon on him at all times.
Chuck Norris was once held prisoner back in 'Nam. Chuck plucked a hair from his beard, picked a booger and combined them together to create a grenade launcher and killed every soldier in the prison. Once he was back in America he told his story at a bar. A desperate producer overheard his story and a light bulb lit up in his head. That night MacGyver was born.
Chuck Norris found Nemo.
Chuck Norris shot at 50 Cent 9 times, but didn't finsh him because he wanted to do it with a roundhouse kick to the face. But 50 Cent ran in horror.
Chuck Norris once juggled a soccer ball 2,357 times... with just his penis.
Chuck Norris can travel through time by running at 88 miles per hour.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man into next week. He then roundhouse kicked himself into next week, so he could roundhouse the man another week forward.
Chuck Norris' family crest is a picture of a baracudda eating Neil Armstrong.
Few people are aware that Chuck Norris is the first person to ever be diagnosed with beard cancer. Upon hearing this, Chuck Norris quickly beat the cancer into remission with a series of roundhouse kicks and rabbit punches.
Prince initially called
Not many people know this but, Walker - Texas Ranger is actually a hidden camera show on Chuck Norris's life.
Congress is in the process of passing a bill to clone Chuck Norris for military purposes. They want his genes, particularly because Chuck Norris' eyes offer nightvision and 3x zoom capabilities.
Chuck Norris actually invented peanut butter, but while in transit to the patent office, George Washington Carver knocked him unconscious with the aid of chloroform and stole his patent. For revenge, Chuck Norris threw 7 freight trains on top of George Washington Carver. He died from this.
Chuck Norris is ranked 12th in the AP college football poll.
If an EMP were to go off within a close proximity of Chuck Norris, he would be rendered useless for a short period of time, because over 500 years ago, he traded the ability to see the future to Nostradamus for cybernetic arms, legs, and heart.
The title song
Chuck Norris tought everyone in Texas karate, so it would look cooler when he kicked their ass on TV.
Everyone respects Chuck Norris so much, that when they fight him, they politely wait in turn for him to beat them up.
Chuck Norris once broke the kneck of a passing stranger in the street. When asked why he responded,
One day Chuck Norris was infact killed when he round house kicked someone in the face so hard that it shattered the universe. But in heaven, Chuck challenged God to an arm wrestling match. Chuck won, and the universe was reformed.
Chuck Norris once boned the Mona Lisa, which is why she smiles.
If you knock three times on a wooden object and shout the name of Chuck Norris with a lisp on your voice, he will appear to you and personally kick your ass. And it will be better than any orgasm you will ever experience.
Chuck Norris auditioned for the role of Albus Dumbledore for the movie
Chuck Norris actually invented the
Chuck Norris once passed a kidney stone the size of a baseball. The stone is on display as a moon rock at NASA.
Chuck Norris stole your bike.
Chuck Norris believes strongly in ending world hunger. He plans to do this by terminating the populations of all third world countries.
Chuck Norris is actually the love child of Willie Nelson and an mystical ninja mummy.
A ducks quack does not echo. Chuck Norris is solely responsible for this phenomenon. When asked why he will simply stare at your grimly.
Hellen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris.
In an attempt to bolster ratings during sweeps week in 1988, CNN began referring to itself as the
It is Chuck Norris' eye that adorns the Great Seal on the back of the $1 bill. He is all seeing.
Chuck Norris IS the
Ask not what Chuck Norris will do for a Klondike bar, ask what the Klondike bar will do for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is both blessed and cursed with the ability to destroy anything by merely by looking at it. To prevent this from happening, Chuck personally removed his eyes and now uses Bob Saget as the stick blind persons use to locate objects in their path. He can also use incredibly high pitched Karate screams as sonar.
The shadow from Chuck Norris' mustache can accurately predict the length of winter to within 4 seconds. The groundhog has been rendered obsolete.
The song
Ever wonder where
On the sixth day God created Chuck Norris.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris was dropped at Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Chuck Norris does not see dead people. He eats them.
Chuck Norris and Steven Seagal are secretly married. Norris wears the pants.
Walker Texas Ranger is just a normal man, but when danger calls he transforms into Chuck Norris.
The
Chuck Norris was taking and evening stroll in a local neighborhood when a mountain spring water truck slammed in to a retarded child playing in the street. Chuck Norris rushed to the scene, destroyed the driver, and resurrected the child making him normal again. This event is celebrated as a show on TV called Captian Planet.
Chuck Norris was once accused of heresy by the Pope, but as it turns out, Chuck Norris is, in fact, the true son of god.
Chuck Norris is so awesome, he made the Bob Saget fact generator cease to exist.
Chuck Norris' heart beats once every week.
One time Chuck Norris got bored so he flew to England and orally sodomized the entire royal family.
The original theme song to the Transformers was actually
Chuck Norris was the first person to climb Mount Everest. Naked.
One day Chuck Norris went shopping and he had grabbed the last can of pea soup off the counter. Just then Steven Segal, Jean-Claude Van Damme, and Godzilla walked in and turned to Chuck Norris and said,
Chuck Norris spread the belief that women do not take shits... I believe him.
Chuck Norris goes to the toilet once a month, if he needs to or not.
Chuck Norris once fed a starving Ethiopian boy a 12 course meal, then promptly sacrificed the boy to Satan in an effort to boost the ratings of Walker Texas Ranger.
Chuck Norris is the worlds best actor because his moustache is  the worlds best acting coach.
Chuck Norris once made love to a Sasquatch. This resulted in the birth of George W. Bush, and the Sasquatch contacting an incurable form of Syphillis, known as
Chuck Norris has every copy of National Geographic in his basement. He also has the ability to lift every single one of them at once.
In his spare time, Chuck Norris breeds thoroughbred horses by manually inseminating the females with his own semen.
Chuck Norris once injested Pop Rocks while drinking Coke, and lived to tell about it. He then proceeded to bitch slap the Pope for saying how much Walker Texas Ranger sucked.
There's no such thing as a tornado. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.
To Chuck Norris, doorknobs and urination are seen as merely suggestions.
Chuck Norris can piss on the third rail and not get electrocuted.
Whereas most people are killed by a BAC of .45, Chuck Norris only passes out when the alcohol in his veins is less than 5% blood.
In response to his challenge, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked MC Hammer so hard that he went bankrupt. Chuch Norris then bellowed,
Chuck Norris once tamed a wild stallion in the forest. He rode the horse across the United States and back in under 24 hours. When he returned home he killed the horse and ate the entire thing.
When he was a baby, Chuck Norris dropped his mother on her head. She never refused her breast milk to him again.
Chuck Norris loves cute little puppies. He especially loves them on rye with some pepper jack and a dash of paprika.
Chuck Norris once held an anti-government protest in Washington. At the news, the government was so terrified that it disbanded immediately and declared Chuck the new President. Though pleased, Chuck's only intent had been to lure in dirty hippies to kick their asses.
Chuck Norris first appeared on TV when he was 8 years old, doing a musical number on the show 'Star Search'.  When Chuck Norris' musical number started he just roundhouse kicked one of the judges in the face.  He then remained motionless for the last two minutes of the song while smiling and giving the thumbs up.  Chuck Norris would have won but, due to paralysis, judge number three just made gurgling noises when he tried to tell Chuck Norris he received a perfect score.
When Chuck Norris was interviewed by local papers as to why he saved the baby from the fire he replied,
The Ice Age is contributed to Chuck Norris, that was the date of his last erection which blocked the sun's rays for 47 years.
Vin Diesel has only had one nightmare in his lifetime. It involved Chuck Norris, and his murderous group of Oompa-Loompas.
Chuck Norris cannot be seen without 4-D vision glasses. His beard requires 5-D vision glasses and sun screen.
Chuck Norris never showers... because he never breaks a sweat.
An entire episode of Walker, Texas Ranger was shot with the lens cap on. This made no difference, however, because the light emanating from Chuck Norris' beard permeated the plastic cap and allowed the camera to see Chuck in all his glory.
Chuck Norris circumcised himself. At birth. With his bare hands.
Chuck Norris ties dead puppies to his feet to simulate real blood spraying from the faces of his stunt actors.
Chuck Norris went to a fortune teller once. She predicted pain.
Chuck Norris once flushed himself down a toilet to fight an allegator. After defeating the beast with one swift round house kick, he went home to eat his neighbor's children.
Chuck Norris was the first human to willingly snort anthrax, all he did was sneeze and out came Steven Seagal and Jet Li.
Chuck Norris doesn't experience miricales, he makes them.
Chuck Norris appeared in the movie Pearl Harbor in a cameo role as a palm tree. An ass-kicking, fire-breathing palm tree. Most of his scenes were cut, due to time and credibility restraints, since nobody could believe that Chuck could be within 500 yards of Ben Affleck without doing him serious bodily harm.
Once Chuck Norris made Jean Claude Van-Damme cry just by staring at him.
When asked if videogame-related violence was a threat to America's children, Chuck Norris promptly roundhouse kicked Jack Thompson in the face. Ironically, moments later two 13-year-olds were found dead less than a mile from the scene, attempting to reenact this stunt.
Chuck Norris eats tiger hearts every morning for strength, power, and wisdom. He eates men's hearts for sport.
The the Geneva Convention specifically forbids the use of Chuck Norris in an international conflict.
Chuck Norris knows Steven Segall personally. He is made up of the corn in Chuck Norris' fecal matter.
Booze gains alcohol content after passing through Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris CAN find a needle in a haystack, and then kill a man with the needle... or the haystack.
Chuck Norris was once taking a dump in a public bathroom in New York, and at one point, the man in the next stall made a comment about the horrible stench of Chuck's feces. Norris proceeded to release a bout of flatulence that incinerated the poor fool shitting next to him, and then recounted his story to a scientist friend of his, who did some further research. The basis for the atom bomb was discovered, and the research was called
Each year, Chuck Norris brings gifts to people across the world as compensation for killing one of their loved ones. We know this day as Christmas.
Chuck Norris has 118,453 friends on myspace. It is an unspoken agreement that when you join his list of friends, you are actually placing your name on his list of death, but Chuck Norris' friends do not care. To die by the hand of Chuck is an honor.
Chuck Norris is the only man to never use an eraser.
Chuck Norris hates internet piracy but he also loves his fans. If he ever catches you downloading episodes of Walker: Texas Ranger, his conflicting opinions mean that he has to shake your hand and beat you senseless at the same time.
Tony Danza reports to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris constructed his own iPod by staring intensely at 10,000 country-western bands until they fearfully compacted themselves into a 2x4x1/2 inch white rectangle.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because Chuck Norris ate its entire family, killed the farmer who bred it, and sex with the famers' wife all at the same time.
Rumors falsely claim that b29 bombers dropped the atom bombs on Japan. The truth is that Chuck Norris threw the bomb all the way to Hirosima.
Due to the excessive amount of unprotected sex Chuck Norris takes part in, it is garunteed that he appears in your family tree anywhere from 3 to 10 times.
Chuck Norris is so cool that the Pope has a Jesus fish on his car with the word
Chuck Norris knew the
Chuck Norris knows where in the world Carmen Sandiego is, but he won't tell because he doesn't want anyone to find the body.
Chuck Norris knows all the numbers of pi, but will only share them if he can be beaten in hand-to-hand combat. This is why we have supercomputers trying to figure it out instead.
Upon hearing of the possible outbreak of Bird Flu, Chuck Norris became outraged and announced he will kill off every species of bird. When asked about his statement, he replied,
Chuck Norris once beat Mike Tyson's Punch Out in the desert while trimming red hair from his taint with a box cutter. What? You say there are no outlets for the Nintendo in the desert? Tell that to Chuck Norris.
The only person that can kill Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris. He is waiting until he runs out of other people to kill.
Chuck Norris will never
It is a commonly held belief of the Jewish faith that, as a mere babe, Chuck Norris was separated from his mother in a blizzard. To this day, he hates snow so much that he roundhouse kicks each individual snowflake. The concussive force makes them all unique.
Chuck Norris was recently credited with finding a new race of people living in his chest hair.
The Fantastic 4 was originally The Fantastic 5 until Chuck Norris was kicked out for raping the Invisible Woman.
Chuck Norris doesn't need oxygen. He only inhales in order to absorb the ashes of his enemies in his lungs. And exhaling? That's because he doesn't want to shit.
One time a bee tried to sting Chuck Norris. He just laughed at it and blew it up with his laser vision.
Chuck Norris listens to Pantera to calm down.
Chuck Norris' sperm can penetrate 13 condoms, the birth control pill, a brick wall, and the 1975 Pittsburgh Steelers offensive line in order to impregnate a woman.
God is Chuck Norris' prototype.
Chuck Norris can read every AIM conversation for they are stored on the infinite hard drive of his computer.
Chuck Norris embodies the only matter known to have escaped a black hole.
Chuck Norris' Blood Alcohol Level is continously 8.0, but he is always fine to drive.
Chuck Norris burned his eyeballs out with cigartettes just to prove to some grade eight students that smoking is dangerous.
The tide rises when Chuck Norris tells it to.
Stores will accept Monopoly money if Chuck Norris is paying.
Chuck Norris' laugh sounds like that of a small child. You wouldn't know this because he never laughs.
Jimmy Hoffa is alive and well in Chuck Norris' large intestine but refuses to say
Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost.
Chuck Norris was once fined $1,000 for drawing Native American war symbols in invisible ink on the canvases of the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Impressionist wing.
Chuck Norris created whiskey to help control the Indians.
Oxygen requires Chuck Norris to live.
Chuck Norris once had a head on collision with the sun. Luckily, the sun is so far away that the shift of its position had no effect on Earth.
Chuck Norris has actually visited the moon on four separate occasions, each time saving Mars by jump kicking through the windscreen of communist shuttles and punching Stalin clones in the ovaries.
If you want to wear the same cologne as Chuck Norris, you'll be disappointed to find that Chuck Norris doesn't wear cologne. For two hundred dollars, however, Mr. Norris will fart on your chest before you go on a date.
Some people believe UFOs fly around so erratically because they are trying to impress us. However, they are just trying to get away from Chuck Norris. The crash of 1947 showed the aliens that Earth would not be so easy to subdue.
Chuck Norris plays marbles with grenades.
Chuck Norris requires no stunt double, however his beard has stood in for the actor that played Chewbacca on many occasions.
Chuck Norris' bones cannot be broken by anyone except Chuck Norris. Sometimes Chuck breaks his own bones just to show off.
Cars were invented to have a faster way of fleeing from Chuck Norris. Not to be outdone, Chuck Norris invented the car accident.
In order to shave, Chuck Norris would need a special razor made out of adamantium. The economic decline of the Carter administration caused the manufacturing of these razors to be too expensive, hence Chuck Norris now wears a beard.
The last person to challenge Chuck Norris to a hand-to-hand combat later became to founder of War-Amps.
Chuck Norris killed Rudolph, Donner, and Blitzen because they didnt join in any reindeer games.
Praying Mantises take after Chuck Norris. After having sex they bite off the head of their mate.
Chuck Norris was born a blonde, but the blood of his victims dyed his hair and beard to a healthy orange.
NASA hired Chuck Norris to save money. He kicks people into outer space, and they later land safely into his chest hair.
Chuck Norris removed his own tonsils. He didn't even have tonsillitis.
For every hour a plane ride takes, Chuck Norris can get to the destination in that many steps.
Lance Armstrong really didn't lose a testicle to cancer, he is actually the only living survivor to a Chuck Norris delivered round house kick to the balls
Chuck Norris once drank so much beer, all of the breweries of the world ran out. And then he started on wine...
When Chuck Norris enters a night club, he instantly becomes the life of the party. An instant is roughly how long it takes Chuck Norris to kill a room full of people.
Chuck Norris does not query the existence of God. God wonders if Chuck Norris is human, because he sure as hell never created him.
Chuck Norris once saved 500 people from a burning building in 0.3 seconds. He then proceeded to give each one a fatal round-house kick to the face.
Chuck Norris once dug his way to the center of the Earth using only a jar of petroleum jelly and his penis.
Chuck Norris created the first perpetual motion machine by hanging a Volkswagen Beetle on the end of a tetherball pole then kicking it. Thus he solved the world's energy problem.
Chuck Norris melts dry ice in his pool so he can swim without getting wet.
Chuck Norris was called to the set of the movie
At this very moment, there is a 50/50 chance that Chuck Norris is boning your sister.
Chuck Norris once took 12 NoDoz pills and then slept for 48 straight hours, just to prove a point.
Chuck Norris used his bare hands and caught the Road Runner. He then roundhouse kicked Wile E. Coyote for being so incompetent.
When Chuck Norris found out dolphins were becoming an endangered species, he banged flipper and she gave birth 100 times.
Florida used to be in a straight line, until Chuck Norris kicked Miami for refusing to make a
Chuck Norris snorts battery acid to get a buzz. He claims it tickles.
Every time Chuck Norris executes a roundhouse kick, the incredible speed at which his leg cuts through the air creates an enormous sonic boom. This is commonly known as
When on vacation in December of '04 Chuck Norris was stung by a jelly fish. Delirious with rage at the unadulterated insolence, he roundhouse kicked the ocean into submission. The result nearly wiped out a generation of Thais.
Chuck Norris chiseled the image of Mount Rushmore into his abs with a butter knife.
When Chuck Norris bleeds, oak trees sprout up from where the blood fell.
Chuck Norris puts the 'I' in 'Team'
Chuck Norris promised a Gypsy that he would eat San Francisco when Duke Nukem Forever is released. That's why it has been pushed back so many times.
Chuck Norris was the inspiration for Donkey Kong, HD-TV, and waterslides. Yes, waterslides.
Once, while traveling in space, a stray asteroid collided with Chuck Norris' testicles, slicing the left one off. Just to prove that he's badass, he ejaculated with only one testicle to stop the testicle that he didn't have. This event is recreated  in the end of Final Fantasy VII.
Chuck Norris knows how to pronounce Cthulhu. However, if he says Cthulhu in the correct pronounciation, several Turkmenistanian virgins will be sacrificed to Loki.
Chuck Norris can penetrate a female from up to a mile away, not psychokinetically, he just has a very large cock.
Chuck Norris once shot a German plane down with his finger by pointing at it and yelling,
Chuck Norris likes Pina Coladas, but fucking hates getting caught in the rain.
One time, Chuck Norris escaped from Alcatraz with nothing but an elastic band and a plastic fork. This was was the inspiration for the song
Scientology is Chuck Norris' first sucessful get-rich-quick scheme.
Chuck Norris loves the smell of naplam in the morning.
Chuck Norris knows exactly where Waldo is on every page. Even the pirate one.
Chuck Norris once ate a whole cheesewheel to show a group of third graders how badass he is.
Chuck Norris went on a drug trip with Raffi, which resulted in the lyrics for the song
Once a grizzly bear threatened to eat Chuck Norris. Chuck showed the bear his fist and the bear proceeded to eat himself, because it would be the less painful way to die.
Chuck Norris let the dogs out. He has yet released a public apology for his actions.
Chuck Norris believes that a flamethrower is an essential part of a well balanced breakfast.
The two 'atomic bombs' dropped on Japan in World War Two were actually two small parts of Chuck Norris' left testicle, which he graciously donated to defeat Hitler and the Axis powers in 1943. Since then he has regenerated said testicle, and in the process made Tim McGraw a bigger douche.
Chuck Norris eats members of the Ku Klux Klan for lunch every Thursday.
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff AND the deputy. He then occupied the position of deputy.
Chuck Norris caught all 386 pokemon in just under 2.7 seconds. He says he won't trade any of them for anything.
The mathematical proof
One does not punch Chuck Norris; Chuck Norris headbutts one's fist.
Chuck Norris will kick you, and it will hurt. Forever.
Chuck Norris can stop time for up to two hours by thinking about pineapples
Chuck Norris punched a woman in the vagina when she didn't give him exact change.
If you shoot Chuck Norris, you'll only make him angry.
Chuck Norris once destroyed Tokyo for fun, but was able to rebuild it in a matter of milliseconds.
Chuck Norris starts his day with a bowl of oatmeal, some pancakes and a glass of fresh squeezed Nazi juice.
Chuck Norris once fought off 42 ninjas bilndfolded, while having sex with 3 women.
After much debate, President Truman decided to drop the atomic bomb on Hiroshima rather than the alternative of sending Chuck Norris. His reasoning? It was more
Chuck Norris built the entire continent of Asia in two days using just a spoon and Teen People magazine.
Every piece of furniture in Chuck Norris' house is a Total Gym.
Chuck Norris and Snoop Dogg once had a free style rap battle so awsome that people now celebrate the holiday Easter to remember the day.
Shortly after Bruce Lee's death, Chuck Norris worked as a Chemist, during which time he discovered the element of surprise and later, painium. He won a nobel prize for his work which he put next to his imaginary Oscar on his trophy shelf
Chuck Norris has killed every single person who has ever called him
Halloween was invented when Chuck Norris disguised himself as a ghost so that he could beat up a pumpkin, light it on fire, and steal all of its candy.
Chuck Norris, when clean-shaven, radiates the heat of three suns.
The Internet slang
Mott's apple juice originally started as an inside joke between Chuck Norris and his invisible friend. His invisible friend bet him that he couldn't urinate into bottles and sell it to people.
Chuck Norris can play the solo from
Chuck Norris invented the cure for polio when he was bored one day.
If you take Chuck Norris and subtract the letters i, s, o, r, n, u, c, k, and h, then add the letters j, e, s, u, and s--in that order--you end up with Jesus.
Chuck Norris is what Willis is talkin' 'bout.
The lead role for The Pacifier was chosen all depending on a game of Counter-Strike between Vin Diesel and Chuck Norris. Vin Diesel won the game, but only because he was camping. In an angered state of rage, Chuck Norris notified God and got Vin Diesel banned from Earth. That took him down a peg.
Chuck Norris knows whether the moon landings were fake or not.
Chuck Norris was the first person to tame a dinosaur.
The speed of light is generally rounded down to 186,000 miles per second. In exact terms it is 299,792,458 m/s.
It takes 8 minutes 17 seconds for light to travel from the Suns surface to the Earth.
October 12th, 1999 was declared The Day of Six Billion based on United Nations projections.
10 percent of all human beings ever born are alive at this very moment.
The Earth spins at 1,000 mph but it travels through space at an incredible 67,000 mph.
Every year over one million earthquakes shake the Earth.
When Krakatoa erupted in 1883, its force was so great it could be heard 4,800 kilometres away in Australia.
The largest ever hailstone weighed over 1kg and fell in Bangladesh in 1986.
Every second around 100 lightning bolts strike the Earth.
Every year lightning kills 1000 people.
In October 1999 an Iceberg the size of London broke free from the Antarctic ice shelf .
If you could drive your car straight up you would arrive in space in just over an hour.
Human tapeworms can grow up to 22.9m.
The Earth is 4.56 billion years old...the same age as the Moon and the Sun.
The dinosaurs became extinct before the Rockies or the Alps were formed.
Female black widow spiders eat their males after mating.
When a flea jumps, the rate of acceleration is 20 times that of the space shuttle during launch.
If our Sun were just inch in diameter, the nearest star would be 445 miles away.
The Australian billygoat plum contains 100 times more vitamin C than an orange.
Astronauts cannot belch  there is no gravity to separate liquid from gas in their stomachs.
The air at the summit of Mount Everest, 29,029 feet is only a third as thick as the air at sea level.
One million, million, million, million, millionth of a second after the Big Bang the Universe was the size of a ...pea.
DNA was first discovered in 1869 by Swiss Friedrich Mieschler.
The molecular structure of DNA was first determined by Watson and Crick in 1953.
The first synthetic human chromosome was constructed by US scientists in 1997.
The thermometer was invented in 1607 by Galileo.
Englishman Roger Bacon invented the magnifying glass in 1250.
Alfred Nobel invented dynamite in 1866.
Wilhelm Rontgen won the first Nobel Prize for physics for discovering X-rays in 1895.
The tallest tree ever was an Australian eucalyptus  In 1872 it was measured at 435 feet tall.
Christian Barnard performed the first heart transplant in 1967  the patient lived for 18 days.
The wingspan of a Boeing 747 is longer than the Wright brothers first flight.
An electric eel can produce a shock of up to 650 volts.
Wireless communications took a giant leap forward in 1962 with the launch of Telstar, the first satellite capable of relaying telephone and satellite TV signals.
The earliest wine makers lived in Egypt around 2300 BC.
The Ebola virus kills 4 out of every 5 humans it infects.
In 5 billion years the Sun will run out of fuel and turn into a Red Giant.
Giraffes often sleep for only 20 minutes in any 24 hours. They may sleep up to 2 hours (in spurts  not all at once), but this is rare. They never lie down.
A pigs orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.
Without its lining of mucus your stomach would digest itself.
Humans have 46 chromosomes, peas have 14 and crayfish have 200.
There are 60,000 miles of blood vessels in the human body.
An individual blood cell takes about 60 seconds to make a complete circuit of the body.
Utopia ia a large, smooth lying area of Mars.
On the day that Alexander Graham Bell was buried the entire US telephone system was shut down for 1 minute in tribute.
The low frequency call of the humpback whale is the loudest noise made by a living creature.
The call of the humpback whale is louder than Concorde and can be heard from 500 miles away.
A quarter of the worlds plants are threatened with extinction by the year 2010.
Each person sheds 40lbs of skin in his or her lifetime.
At 15 inches the eyes of giant squids are the largest on the planet.
The largest galexies contain a million, million stars.
The Universe contains over 100 billion galaxies.
Wounds infested with maggots heal quickly and without spread of gangrene or other infection.
More germs are transferred shaking hands than kissing.
The longest glacier in Antarctica, the Almbert glacier, is 250 miles long and 40 miles wide.
The fastest speed a falling raindrop can hit you is 18mph.
A healthy person has 6,000 million, million, million haemoglobin molecules.
A salmon-rich, low cholesterol diet means that Inuits rarely suffer from heart disease.
Inbreeding causes 3 out of every 10 Dalmation dogs to suffer from hearing disability.
The worlds smallest winged insect, the Tanzanian parasitic wasp, is smaller than the eye of a housefly.
If the Sun were the size of a beach ball then Jupiter would be the size of a golf ball and the Earth would be as small as a pea.
It would take over an hour for a heavy object to sink 6.7 miles down to the deepest part of the ocean.
There are more living organisms on the skin of each human than there are humans on the surface of the earth.
The grey whale migrates 12,500 miles from the Artic to Mexico and back every year.
Each rubber molecule is made of 65,000 individual atoms.
Around a million, billion neutrinos from the Sun will pass through your body while you read this sentence...and now they are already past the Moon.
Quasars emit more energy than 100 giant galaxies.
Quasars are the most distant objects in the Universe.
The saturn V rocket which carried man to the Moon develops power equivalent to fifty 747 jumbo jets.
Koalas sleep an average of 22 hours a day, two hours more than the sloth.
Light would take .13 seconds to travel around the Earth.
Males produce one thousand sperm cells each second  86 million each day.
Neutron stars are so dense that a teaspoonful would weigh more than all the people on Earth.
One in every 2000 babies is born with a tooth.
Every hour the Universe expands by a billion miles in all directions.
Somewhere in the flicker of a badly tuned TV set is the background radiation from the Big Bang.
Even travelling at the speed of light it would take 2 million years to reach the nearest large galaxy, Andromeda.
The temperature in Antarctica plummets as low as -35 degrees celsius.
At over 2000 kilometres long The Great Barrier Reef is the largest living structure on Earth.
A thimbleful of a neutron star would weigh over 100 million tons.
The risk of being struck by a falling meteorite for a human is one occurence every 9,300 years.
The driest inhabited place in the world is Aswan, Egypt where the annual average rainfall is .02 inches.
The deepest part of any ocean in the world is the Mariana trench in the Pacific with a depth of 35,797 feet.
The largest meteorite craters in the world are in Sudbury, Ontario, canada and in Vredefort, South Africa.
The largest desert in the world, the Sahara, is 3,500,000 square miles.
The largest dinosaur ever discovered was Seismosaurus who was over 100 feet long and weighed up to 80 tonnes.
The African Elephant gestates for 22 months.
The short-nosed Bandicoot has a gestation period of only 12 days.
The mortality rate if bitten by a Black Mamba snake is over 95%.
In the 14th century the Black Death killed 75,000,000 people. It was carried by fleas on the black rat.
A dogs sense of smell is 1,000 times more sensitive than a humans.
A typical hurricane produces the nergy equivalent to 8,000 one megaton bombs.
90% of those who die from hurricanes die from drowning.
To escape the Earths gravity a rocket need to travel at 7 miles a second.
If every star in the Milky Way was a grain of salt they would fill an Olympic sized swimming pool.
Microbial life can survive on the cooling rods of a nuclear reactor.
Micro-organisms have been brought back to life after being frozen in perma-frost for three million years.
Our oldest radio broadcasts of the 1930s have already travelled past 100,000 stars.
Butterflies cannot fly if their body temperature is less than 86 degrees.
Neurons multiply at a rate 250,000 neurons per minute during early pregnancy.
Elephants have the longest pregnancy in the animal kingdom at 22 months. The longest human pregnancy on record is 17 months, 11 days.
A female oyster produces 100 million young in her lifetime, the typical hen lays 19 dozen eggs a year, and it is possible for one female cat to be responsible for the birth of 20,736 kittens in four years. Michelle Druggar holds the record for largest human family, having given birth to 17 children.
750ml of blood pumps through your brain every minute which is 15-20% of blood flow from the heart.
The human brain is about 75% water.
Dragonflies are capable of flying sixty miles per hour, making them one of the fastest insects. This is good since they are in a big hurry, as they only live about twenty-four hours.
Flies jump backwards during takeoff.
A housefly will regurgitate its food and eat it again.
Termites outweigh humans by almost ten to one.
A spider's web is not a home, but rather a trap for its food. They are as individual as snowflakes, with no two ever being the same. Some tropical spiders have built webs over eighteen feet across.
More people are afraid of spiders than death. Amazingly, few people are afraid of Champagne corks even though you are more likely to be killed by one than by a spider.
Your brain consumes 25 watts of power while youre awake. This amount of energy is enough to illuminate a lightbulb.
It is impossible to lick your elbow.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
Possums have one of the shortest pregnancies at 16 days. The shortest human pregnancy to produce a healthy baby was 22 weeks, 6 days -- the baby was the length of a ballpoint pen.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
The most poisonous spider is the black widow. Its venom is more potent than a rattlesnake's.
13% of Americans actually believe that some parts of the moon are made of cheese.
The world's youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.
Fish that live more than 800 meters below the ocean surface don't have eyes.
Butterflies range in size from a tiny 1/8 inch to a huge almost 12 inches.
Some Case Moth caterpillars (Psychidae) build a case around themselves that they always carry with them. It is made of silk and pieces of plants or soil.
Most household dust is made of dead skin cells.
One in eight million people has progeria, a disease that causes people to grow faster than they age.
The male seahorse carries the eggs until they hatch instead of the female.
Negative emotions such as anxiety and depression can weaken your immune system.
Stephen Hawking was born exactly 300 years after Galileo died.
Mercury is the only planet whose orbit is coplanar with its equator.
The Morgan's Sphinx Moth from Madagascar has a proboscis (tube mouth) that is 12 to 14 inches long to get the nectar from the bottom of a 12 inch deep orchid discovered by Charles Darwin.
Some moths never eat anything as adults because they don't have mouths. They must live on the energy they stored as caterpillars.
In 1958 Entomologist W.G. Bruce published a list of Arthropod references in the Bible. The most frequently named bugs from the Bible are: Locust: 24, Moth: 11, Grasshopper: 10, Scorpion: 10, Caterpillar: 9, and Bee: 4.
People eat insects  called "Entomophagy"(people eating bugs)  it has been practiced for centuries throughout Africa, Australia, Asia, the Middle East, and North, Central and South America. Why? Because many bugs are both protein-rich and good sources of vitamins, minerals and fats.
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave. Go on, try it then
Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharaoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
The average chocolate bar has 8 insects' legs in it.
In York, it is perfectly legal to shoot a Scotsman with a bow and arrow (except on Sundays)
No piece of square dry paper can be folded in half more than 7 times
The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night.
The Beetham Tower cost over 150 million to build.
The Beetham Tower has 47 floors.
"Stewardesses" is the longest word typed with only the left hand.
An average human loses about 200 head hairs per day.
Mexico City sinks about 10 inches a year
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
In France, a five year old child can buy an alcoholic drink in a bar
During the chariot scene in "Ben Hur," a small red car can be seen in the distance.
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.
The glue on Israeli postage is certified kosher.
In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all of the world's nuclear weapons combined.
On average, 100 people choke to death on ball-point pens every year.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
The top butterfly flight speed is 12 miles per hour. Some moths can fly 25 miles per hour!
The Brimstone butterfly (Gonepterix rhamni) has the longest lifetime of the adult butterflies: 9-10 months.
Bruce Lee was so fast that they actually had to s-l-o-w film down so you could see his moves.
A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.
Representations of butterflies are seen in Egyptian frescoes at Thebes, which are 3,500 years old.
Babies are born without knee caps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.
14% of all facts and statistics are made up and 27% of people know that fact.
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
Eskimos have over 15 words for the English word of 'Snow'
Butterflies can see red, green, and yellow.
Some people say that when the black bands on the Woolybear caterpillar are wide, a cold winter is coming.
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
Almonds are a member of the peach family.
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
Ithyphallophobia" is a morbid fear of seeing, thinking about or having an erect penis.
The average shelf-life of a latex condom is about two years.
14% of Americans have skinny-dipped with a member of the opposite sex at least once.
Male bats have the highest rate of homosexuality of any mammal.
A man's beard grows fastest when he anticipates sex.
A man will ejaculate approximately 18 quarts of semen in his lifetime.
Sex is biochemically no different from eating large quantities of chocolate.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.
For every 'normal' webpage, there are five porn pages.
"Venus observa" is the technical term for the "missionary position."
Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world. IT IS 10 TIMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN VALIUM.
Samuel Clemens (Mark Twain) was born on and died on days when Halleys Comet can be seen.
US Dollar bills are made out of cotton and linen.
The 57 on the Heinz ketchup bottle represents the number of pickle types the company once had.
Americans are responsible for about 1/5 of the worlds garbage annually.
Giraffes and rats can last longer without water than camels.
Your stomach produces a new layer of mucus every two weeks so that it doesnt digest itself.
98% of all murders and rapes are by a close family member or friend of the victim.
A B-25 bomber crashed into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building on July 28, 1945.
The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp (marijuana) paper.
The dot over the letter i is called a tittle.
Benjamin Franklin was the fifth in a series of the youngest son of the youngest son.
Triskaidekaphobia means fear of the number 13.
Paraskevidekatriaphobia means fear of Friday the 13th, which occurs one to three times a year.
In Italy, 17 is considered an unlucky number. In Japan, 4 is considered an unlucky number.
A female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate.
In ancient Rome, when a man testified in court he would swear on his testicles.
The ZIP in ZIP code means Zoning Improvement Plan.
Coca-Cola contained Coca (whose active ingredient is cocaine) from 1885 to 1903.
A 2 by 4" is really 1 1/2 by 3 1/2.
Its estimated that at any one time around 0.7% of the worlds population is drunk.
40% of McDonalds profits come from the sales of Happy Meals.
Every person, including identical twins, has a unique eye & tongue print along with their fingerprint.
The spot on the 7-Up logo comes from its inventor who had red eyes. He was an albino.
315 entries in Websters 1996 dictionary were misspelled.
The save icon in Microsoft Office programs shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.
Albert Einstein and Charles Darwin both married their first cousins
Camels have three eyelids.
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents every day.
John Wilkes Booths brother once saved the life of Abraham Lincolns son.
Warren Beatty and Shirley McLaine are brother and sister.
Chocolate can kill dogs; it directly affects their heart and nervous system.
Daniel Boone hated coonskin caps.
55.1% of all US prisoners are in prison for drug offenses.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Dr. Seuss pronounced his name soyce.
Slugs have four noses.
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine.
India has a Bill of Rights for cows.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by taking out an olive from First Class salads.
About 200,000,000 M&Ms are sold each day in the United States.
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
There are 318,979,564,000 possible combinations of the first four moves in Chess.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
Coconuts kill about 150 people each year. Thats more than sharks.
Half of all bank robberies take place on a Friday.
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan. There was never a recorded Wendy before it.
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
The first bomb the Allies dropped on Berlin in WWII killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
The average raindrop falls at 7 miles per hour.
If you put a drop of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
Bruce Lee was so fast that they had to slow the film down so you could see his moves.
The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteens Born in the USA.
IBMs motto is Think. Apple later made their motto Think different.
The original name for butterfly was flutterby.
One in fourteen women in America is a natural blonde. Only one in sixteen men is.
The Olympic was the sister ship of the Titanic, and she provided twenty-five years of service.
When the Titanic sank, 2228 people were on it. Only 706 survived.
Every day, 7% of the US eats at McDonalds.
During his entire life, Vincent Van Gogh sold exactly one painting, Red Vineyard at Arles.
By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.
One in ten people live on an island.
It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it to begin with.
28% of Africa is classified as wilderness. In North America, its 38%.
Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
Sherlock Holmes NEVER said Elementary, my dear Watson
Humphrey Bogart NEVER said Play it again, Sam in Casablanca
They NEVER said Beam me up, Scotty on Star Trek.
Sharon Stone was the first Star Search spokes model.
More people are afraid of open spaces (kenophobia) than of tight spaces (claustrophobia).
There is a 1 in 4 chance that New York will have a white Christmas.
The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from Libraries.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
$203,000,000 is spent on barbed wire each year in the U.S.
Every US president has worn glasses (just not always in public).
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.
Jim Henson first coined the word Muppet. It is a combination of marionette and puppet.
The Michelin man is known as Mr. Bib. His name was Bibendum in the companys first ads in 1896.
The word lethologica describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
About 14% of injecting drug users are HIV positive.
A word or sentence that is the same front and back (racecar, kayak) is called a palindrome.
A snail can sleep for 3 years.
People photocopying their buttocks are the cause of 23% of all photocopier faults worldwide.
China has more English speakers than the United States.
One in every 9000 people is an albino.
There are about a million ants per person. Ants are very social animals and will live in colonies that can contain almost 500,000 ants.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
You share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world.
Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly sets than for the U.S. Treasury.
Every year 4 people in the UK die putting their trousers on.
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds; dogs only have about ten.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth but our nose and ears never stop growing.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman picture or reference somewhere.
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over million descendants.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
Each year in America there are about 300,000 deaths that can be attributed to obesity.
Many butterflies can taste with their feet to find out whether the leaf they sit on is good to lay eggs on to be their caterpillars' food or not.
There are more types of insects in one tropical rain forest tree than there are in the entire state of Vermont.
About 55% of all movies are rated R.
About 500 movies are made in the US and 800 in India annually.
Arabic numerals are not really Arabic; they were created in India.
The February of 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
There is actually no danger in swimming right after you eat, though it may feel uncomfortable.
The cruise liner Queen Elizabeth II moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
There are about 2 chickens for every human in the world.
The word maverick came into use after Samuel Maverick, a Texan refused to brand his cattle.
Two-thirds of the worlds eggplant is grown in New Jersey.
Termites have been known to eat food twice as fast when heavy metal music is playing.
There are more beetles than any other animal. In fact, one out of every four animals is a beetle.
The rhinoceros beetle is the strongest animal and is capable of lifting 850 times its own weight.
On a Canadian two-dollar bill, the American flag is flying over the Parliament Building.
An American urologist bought Napoleons penis for $40,000.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple.
Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters MT.
$283,200 is the absolute highest amount of money you can win on Jeopardy.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Rats and horses cant vomit.
The penguin is the only bird that cant fly but can swim.
There are approximately 100 million acts of sexual intercourse each day.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest.
Every time you lick a stamp you consume 1/10 of a calorie.
You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider.
Hedenophobic means fear of pleasure.
Ancient Egyptian priests would pluck every hair from their bodies.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
An ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
All polar bears are left-handed.
The catfish has over 27000 taste buds (more than any other animal)
A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death.
Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight. This would be like an adult person lifting two heavy cars full of people.
There are over a million described species of insects. Some people estimate there are actually between 15 and 30 million species.
Most insects are beneficial to people because they eat other insects, pollinate crops, are food for other animals, make products we use (like honey and silk) or have medical uses.
Butterflies and insects have their skeletons on the outside of their bodies, called the exoskeleton. This protects the insect and keeps water inside their bodies so they dont dry out.
Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump.
An ostrichs eye is bigger than its brain.
Starfish have no brains.
11% of the world is left-handed.
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses.
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
A healthy (non-colorblind) human eye can distinguish between 500 shades of gray.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
Lizards can self-amputate their tails for protection. It grows back after a few months.
Los Angeles full name is El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula.
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
A honeybee can fly at fifteen miles per hour.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
A jiffy is the scientific name for 1/100th of a second.
The average child recognizes over 200 company logos by the time he enters first grade.
The youngest pope ever was 11 years old.
The first novel ever written on a typewriter is Tom Sawyer.
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair.
Elwood Edwards did the voice for the AOL sound files (i.e. Youve got Mail!).
A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
Elvis had a twin brother named Garon, who died at birth, which is why Elvis middle name was Aron.
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
Donkeys kill more people than plane crashes.
Shakespeare invented the words assassination and bump.
If you keep a goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
The name Jeep comes from GP, the army abbreviation for General Purpose.
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left handed people do.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
Cats urine glows under a black light.
A quidnunc is a person who is eager to know the latest news and gossip.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors, the helicopter, and many other present day items.
In the last 4000 years no new animals have been domesticated.
25% of a humans bones are in its feet.
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
Canada is an Indian word meaning Big Village.
Only one in two billion people will live to be 116 or older.
Rape is reported every six minutes in the U.S.
The human heart creates enough pressure in the bloodstream to squirt blood 30 feet.
A jellyfish is 95% water.
The world's longest snake (by reliable documentation) is the reticulated python, with a maximum length of, perhaps, 30 feet.
Common Cobra venom is not on the list of top 10 venoms yet it is still 40 times more toxic than cyanide.
The venom of the Australian Brown Snake is so powerful only 1/14,000th of an ounce is enough to kill a human.
Truck driving is the most dangerous occupation by accidental deaths (799 in 2001).
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
Elephants only sleep for two hours each day.
On average people fear spiders more than they do death.
The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue. (the heart is not a muscle)
In golf, a Bo Derek is a score of 10.
In the U.S, Frisbees outsell footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined.
In most watch advertisements the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
If you plant an apple seed, it is almost guaranteed to grow a tree of a different type of apple.
Al Capones business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
The only real person to be a PEZ head was Betsy Ross.
There are about 450 types of cheese in the world. 240 come from France.
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
In Iceland, a Big Mac costs $5.50.
Broccoli and cauliflower are the only vegetables that are flowers.
There is no solid proof of who built the Taj Mahal.
In a survey of 200000 ostriches over 80 years, not one tried to bury its head in the sand.
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge. A quarter has 119.
Judge Judy has a $25,000,000 salary, while Supreme Court Justice Ginsberg has a $190,100 salary.
Andorra, a tiny country between France & Spain, has the longest average lifespan: 83.49 years.
Mr. Rogers was an ordained Presbyterian minister.
In America you will see an average of 500 advertisements a day.
John Lennons first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
You can lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
The sixth sick sheiks sixth sheeps sick is said to be the toughest tongue twister in English.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation US golf ball. In the UK its 330.
Duff is the decaying organic matter found on a forest floor.
The US has more personal computers than the next 7 countries combined.
Kuwait is about 60% male (highest in the world). Latvia is about 54% female (highest in the world).
The Hawaiian alphabet has only 12 letters.
In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the worlds nuclear weapons combined.
At the height of its power in 400 BC, the Greek city of Sparta had 25,000 citizens and 500,000 slaves.
Julius Caesars autograph is worth about $2,000,000.
People say bless you when you sneeze because your heart stops for a millisecond.
US gold coins used to say In Gold We Trust.
In Silence of the Lambs, Hannibal Lector (Anthony Hopkins) never blinks.
A shrimps heart is in its head.
In the 17th century, the value of pi was known to 35 decimal places. Today, to 1.2411 trillion.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
Lassie was played by a group of male dogs; the main one was named Pal.
Nepal is the only country that doesnt have a rectangular flag.
Switzerland is the only country with a square flag.
Antarctica is the only continent on which no Lepidoptera have been found.
There are about 24,000 species of butterflies. The moths are even more numerous: about 140,000 species of them were counted all over the world.
Gabriel, Michael, and Lucifer are the only angels named in the Bible.
Johnny Appleseed planted apples so that people could use apple cider to make alcohol.
Abraham Lincolns ghost is said to haunt the White House.
God is not mentioned once in the book of Esther.
The odds of being born male are about 51.2%, according to census.
Scotland has more redheads than any other part of the world.
There is an average of 61,000 people airborne over the US at any given moment.
Prince Charles and Prince William never travel on the same airplane in case there is a crash.
The most popular first name in the world is Muhammad.
The surface of the Earth is about 60% water and 10% ice.
For every 230 cars that are made, 1 will be stolen.
Jimmy Carter was the first U.S. President to be born in a hospital.
Lightning strikes the earth about 8 million times a day.
Humans use a total of 72 different muscles in speech.
If you feed a seagull Alka-Seltzer, its stomach will explode.
Only female mosquitoes bite.
The U.S. Post Office handles 43 percent of the worlds mail.
Venus and Uranus are the only planets that rotate opposite to the direction of their orbit.
John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, and James Monroe died on July 4th.
Baby Ruth candy bar was named after Grover Clevelands daughter, Ruth, not the baseball player.
Dolphins can look in different directions with each eye. They can sleep with one eye open.
The Falkland Isles (pop. about 2000) has over 700000 sheep (350 per person).
There are 41,806 different spoken languages in the world today.
The city of Venice stands on about 120 small islands.
The past-tense of the English word dare is durst
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.
Of all the words in the English language, the word 'set' has the most definitions!
What is called a "French kiss" in the English speaking world is known as an "English kiss" in France.
"Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
"Rhythm" is the longest English word without a vowel.
In 1386, a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child
A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off!
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath
There is a city called Rome on every continent.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day!
The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people
Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, every time you breathe!
One quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet!
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different!
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin!
Present population of 5 billion plus people of the world is predicted to become 15 billion by 2080.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.
Honey is the only food that does not spoil.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a "Friday the 13th."
Coca-Cola would be green if coloring werent added to it.
On average a hedgehog's heart beats 300 times a minute.
More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.
More people are allergic to cow's milk than any other food.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
The placement of a donkey's eyes in its' heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!
The six official languages of the U.N. are: English, French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish.
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.
It's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
You're born with 300 bones, but by the time you become an adult, you only have 206.
Some worms will eat themselves if they can't find any food!
The worlds oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old!
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds
Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years!
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!
The average person laughs 10 times a day!
The Bible, the world's best-selling book, is also the world's most shoplifted book.
Someone paid $14,000 for the bra worn by Marilyn Monroe in the film 'Some Like It Hot'.
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.
More than 1,000 different languages are spoken on the continent of Africa.
Buckingham Palace in England has over six hundred rooms.
There was once an undersea post office in the Bahamas.
Ninety percent of New York City cabbies are recently arrived immigrants.
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
A snail can sleep for three years.
No word in the English language rhymes with "MONTH".
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
"Go." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
The "pound" key on your keyboard () is called an octotroph.
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.
Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr.
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, thus the name.
The original story from "Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights" begins, "Aladdin was a little Chinese boy."
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life.
The volume of the earth's moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean.
Cephalacaudal recapitulation is the reason our extremities develop faster than the rest of us.
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne.
Each year there is one ton of cement poured for each man woman and child in the world.
The house fly hums in the middle octave key of F.
The only capital letter in the Roman alphabet with exactly one end point is P.
The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth's orbit around the sun.
Hummingbirds are the only animals that can fly backwards.
A cat's jaw cannot move sideways.
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
The flea can jump 350 times its body length. It's like a human jumping the length of a football field.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing.
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched."
All of the clocks in the movie "Pulp Fiction" are stuck on 4:20.
"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt."
Maine is the only state (in USA) whose name is just one syllable.
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
Mr. Rogers was an ordained minister.
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks or it will digest itself.
A female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate.
A 2" X 4" is really 1-1/2" by 3-1/2".
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme with orange, purple, silver and month.
The caterpillars of some Snout Moths (Pyralididae) live in or on water-plants.
The females of some moth species lack wings, all they can do to move is crawl.
If one places a tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen's "Born in the USA."
Sherlock Holmes NEVER said, "Elementary, my dear Watson."
California consumes more bottled water than any other product.
California has issued 6 drivers licenses to people named "Jesus Christ."
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.
Nevada is the driest state in the U.S.. Each year it averages 7.5 inches (19 cm) of rain.
In Utah, it is illegal to swear in front of a dead person.
Salt Lake City, Utah has a law against carrying an unwrapped ukulele on the street.
Arizona was the last of the 48 adjoining continental states to enter the Union.
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
Wyoming was the first state to give women the right to vote in 1869.
Denver, Colorado lays claim to the invention of the cheeseburger.
The first license plate on a car in the United States was issued in Denver, Colorado in 1908.
The state of Maryland has no natural Lakes.
Illinois has the highest number of personalized license plates than any other state.
Residents of Houston, Texas lead the U.S. in eating out - approximately 4.6 times per week.
Laredo, Texas is the U.S.'s farthest inland port.
Rugby, North Dakota is the geographical center of North America.
Butte County, South Dakota is the geographical center of the U.S.
Louisiana's capital building is the tallest one of any U.S. state.
Hawaii is the only coffee producing state.
One in seven workers in Boston, Massachusetts walks to work.
The "Dull Men's Hall of Fame" is located in Carroll, Wisconsin.
Gary, Indiana is the murder capital of the U.S. - probably the world.
Alabama was the first state to recognize Christmas as an official holiday.
The largest NFL stadium is the Pontiac Silverdome in Detroit, Michigan.
Michigan was the first state to have roadside picnic tables.
No matter where you stand in Michigan, you are never more than 85 miles from a Great Lake.
The official beverage of Ohio is tomato juice.
Georgia's state motto is "Wisdom, Justice and Moderation."
The U.S. city with the highest rate of lightning strikes per capita is Clearwater, Florida.
It's illegal to spit on the sidewalk in Norfolk, Virginia.
The first streetlights in America were installed in Philadelphia around 1757.
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
If you were to take a taxicab from New York City to Los Angeles, it would cost you $8,325.
The NY phone book had 22 Hitlers before WWII. The NY phone book had 0 Hitlers after WWII.
In New York State, it is illegal to but any alcohol on Sundays before noon.
There were 240 pedestrian fatalities in New York City in 1994.
Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church.
Montpelier, Vermont is the only state capital without a McDonalds.
Maine is the only state that has borders with only one other state.
The first McDonald's restaurant in Canada was in Richmond, British Columbia.
In 1984, a Canadian farmer began renting advertising space on his cows.
There are more donut shops in Canada per capita than any other country.
0.3% of all road accidents in Canada involve a Moose.
In the great fire of London in 1666 half of London was burnt down but only 6 people were injured.
In Quebec, there is an old law that states margarine must be a different color than butter.
The largest taxi fleet in the world is found in Mexico City. The city boasts a fleet of over 60,000 taxis.
More than 90% of the Nicaraguan people are Roman Catholic.
Cuba is the only island in the Caribbean to have a railroad.
Jamaica has the most churches per square mile than any other country in the world.
The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the summer Olympic games while hosting.
The Amazon is the world's largest river, 3,890 miles (6,259 km) long.
The town of Calma, Chile in the Atacama Desert has never had rain.
The people of France eat more cheese than any other country in the world.
King Louis XIX ruled France for 15 minutes.
The most common name in Italy is Mario Rossi.
Greece's national anthem has 158 verses.
In ancient Greece "idiot" meant a private citizen or layman.
Bulgarians are known to be the biggest yogurt eaters in the world.
Czechs are the biggest consumers of beer per male in the world.
A Czech man, Jan Honza Zampa, holds the record for drinking one liter of beer in 4.11 seconds.
Netherlands is the only country with a national dog.
When we think of Big Ben in London, we think of the clock. Actually, it's the bell.
The Automated Teller Machine (ATM) was introduced in England in 1965.
Buckingham Palace has 602 rooms.
Icelanders consume more Coca-Cola per Capita than any other nation.
Until 1997, there were more pigs than people in Denmark.
There is a hotel in Sweden built entirely out of ice; it is rebuilt every year.
Sweden has the least number of murders annually.
Lithuania has the highest suicide rate in the world.
The country code for Russia is "007".
Russians generally answer the phone by saying, "I'm listening".
The U.S. bought Alaska for 2 cents an acre from Russia.
1 in 5 of the world's doctors are Russian.
Antarctica is the only continent that does not have land areas below sea level.
The people of Israel consume more turkeys per capita than any other country.
Nepal is the only country that has a non-rectangular flag. It is also asymmetrical.
1,800 cigarettes are smoked per person each year in China.
Respiratory Disease is China's leading cause of death.
There are more than 40,000 characters in the Chinese script.
More people speak English in China than the United States.
The toothbrush was invented in China in 1498.
Mongolia is the largest landlocked country.
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and just 108.7 acres.
In Japan, watermelons are squared. It's easier to stack them that way.
98% of Japanese are cremated.
The number "four" is considered unlucky in Japan because it is pronounced the same as "death".
The average Japanese household watches more than 10 hours of television a day.
The Philippines has about 7,100 islands, of which only about 460 are more than 1 square mile in area.
Yo-yos were used as weapons by warriors in the Philippines in the 16th century.
Australian soldiers used the song "We're Off to See the Wizard" as a marching song in WWII.
The Australian $5 to $100 notes are made of plastic.
The Nullarbor Plain of Australia covers 100,000 square miles (160,900 km) without a tree.
Tasmania, Australia has the cleanest air in the inhabited world.
Greenland is the largest island in the world.
The first female guest host of "Saturday Night Live" was Candace Bergen.
In 1933, Mickey Mouse, an animated cartoon character, received 800,000 fan letters.
The Simpsons is the longest running animated series on TV.
The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It to Beaver."
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
The average human brain has about 100 billion nerve cells.
Nerve impulses to and from the brain travel as fast as 170 miles (274 km) per hour.
The thyroid cartilage is more commonly known as the adams apple.
Your stomach needs to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks or it would digest itself.
The average life of a taste bud is 10 days.
The average cough comes out of your mouth at 60 miles (96.5 km) per hour.
Relative to size, the strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.
When you sneeze, all your bodily functions stop even your heart.
Babies are born without knee caps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left handed people do.
Children grow faster in the springtime.
It takes the stomach an hour to break down cows milk.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people do.
There are 10 human body parts that are only 3 letters long (eye hip arm leg ear toe jaw rib lip gum).
If you go blind in one eye you only lose about one fifth of your vision but all your sense of depth.
The average human head weighs about 8 pounds.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
An average human scalp has 100,000 hairs.
The average human blinks their eyes 6,205,000 times each year.
Your skull is made up of 29 different bones.
Ancient Egyptians shaved off their eyebrows to mourn the deaths of their cats.
Hair is made from the same substance as fingernails.
The surface of the human skin is 6.5 square feet (2m).
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
The pancreas produces Insulin.
The most sensitive cluster of nerves is at the base of the spine.
The human body is comprised of 80% water.
The average human will shed 40 pounds of skin in a lifetime.
Human thighbones are stronger than concrete.
There are 45 miles of nerves in the skin of a human being.
Canadian researchers have found that Einstein's brain was 15% wider than normal.
While in Alcatraz, Al Capone was inmate 85.
Astronaut Neil Armstrong first stepped on the moon with his left foot.
Jim Morrison, of the 60's rock group The Doors, was the first rock star to be arrested on stage.
Frank Lloyd Wright's son invented Lincoln Logs.
Peter Falk, who played "Columbo," has a glass eye.
Barbie's full name is "Babara Millicent Roberts."
The mother of Michael Nesmith of "The Monkees" invented whiteout.
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.
Shakespeare invented the word "assassination" and "bump."
It is believed that Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
Adolf Hitler's mother seriously considered having an abortion but was talked out of it by her doctor.
The shortest British monarch was Charles I, who was 4 feet 9 inches.
Tina Turner's real name is Annie Mae Bullock.
Beethoven dipped his head in cold water before he composed.
President John F Kennedy could read 4 newspapers in 20 minutes.
Bob Dylan's real name is Robert Zimmerman.
Sigmund Freud had a morbid fear of ferns.
Anne Boleyn, Queen Elizabeth I's mother, had six fingers on one hand.
Orville Wright was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly.
Cher's last name was "Sarkissian." She changed it because no one could pronounce it.
Sugar was first added to chewing gum in 1869 by a dentist, William Semple.
Paper was invented early in the second century by Chinese eunuch.
Sir Isaac Newton was only 23 years old when he discovered the law of universal gravitation.
Hannibal had only one eye after getting a disease while attacking Rome.
A blue whales heart only beats nine times per minute.
A cat uses its whiskers to determine if a space is too small to squeeze through.
A chameleon's tongue is twice the length of its body.
A crocodiles tongue is attached to the roof of its mouth.
Rodent's teeth never stop growing.
A shark can detect one part of blood in 100 million parts of water.
The penguin is the only bird that can swim but can't fly.
The cheetah is the only cat that can't retract its claws.
A lion's roar can be heard from five miles away.
Emus and kangaroos can't walk backwards.
Cats have over 100 vocal sounds; dogs only have 10.
A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet (91 m) long in just one night.
Insects outnumber humans 100,000,000 to one.
Sharkskin has tiny tooth-like scales all over.
Chameleons can move their eyes in two directions at the same time.
Koalas never drink water. They get fluids from the eucalyptus leaves they eat.
A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime.
When sharks take a bite, their eyes roll back and their teeth jut out.
Camels chew in a figure 8 pattern.
Proportional to their size, cats have the largest eyes of all mammals.
Sailfish can leap out of the water and into the air at a speed of 50 miles (81 km) per hour.
The catfish has the most taste buds of all animals, having over 27,000 of them.
A skunk's smell can be detected by a human a mile away.
A lion in the wild usually makes no more than 20 kills a year.
In space, astronauts cannot cry, because there is no gravity, so the tears can't flow.
The state of Florida is bigger than England.
One in every 4 Americans has appeared on television.
The average American/Canadian will eat about 11.9 pounds of cereal per year!
There are over 58 million dogs in the US
Dogs and cats consume over $11 billion worth of pet food a year
Baby robins eat 14 feet of earthworms every day
In Raiders of the Lost Ark there is a wall carving of R2-D2 and C-3P0 behind the ark
"I" is the most spoken word in the English language
"You" is the second most spoken English word
Spain leads the world in cork production
There are 1,792 steps in the Eiffel Tower
There is a city in Norway called "Hell"
The human feet perspire half a pint of fluid a day
An Olympic gold medal must contain 92.5 percent silver
There are 240 dots on an arcade Pac-Man game
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments
Lee Harvey Oswald's cadaver tag sold at an auction for $6,600 in 1992.
A pound of houseflies contains more protein than a pound of beef
The average American works 24,000 hours in their lifetime just to pay their taxes
40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
Non-dairy creamer is flammable.
Pinocchio is Italian for "pine head."
There are more than 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building.
Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour.
In the UK, it is illegal to eat mince pies on Christmas Day!
Pteronophobia is the fear of being tickled by feathers!
When hippos are upset, their sweat turns red.
A flock of crows is known as a murder super scary!
Facebook Addiction Disorder is a mental disorder identified by Psychologists.
The average woman uses her height in lipstick every 5 years.
29th May is officially Put a Pillow on Your Fridge Day. Check it out: <a>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-4WYQIOPBk</a>
Cherophobia is the fear of fun.
Human saliva has a boiling point three times that of regular water.
If you lift a kangaroos tail off the ground it cant hop.
Hyphephilia are people who get aroused by touching fabrics.
Billy goats urinate on their own heads to smell more attractive to females.
The person who invented the Frisbee was cremated and made into frisbees after he died! Kind of crazy!
During your lifetime, you will produce enough saliva to fill two swimming pools.
If Pinokio says My Noes Will Grow Now, it would cause a paradox. Details here.
Polar bears can eat as many as 86 penguins in a single sitting. (If they lived in the same place)
King Henry VIII slept with a gigantic axe beside him.
Bikinis and tampons invented by men.
An eagle can kill a young deer and fly away with it. Check it out:<a>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPUP8ey3MjE</a>
Heart attacks are more likely to happen on a Monday.
If you consistently fart for 6 years & 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb!
An average persons yearly fast food intake will contain 12 pubic hairs.
The top six foods that make your fart are beans, corn, bell peppers, cauliflower, cabbage and milk!
There is a species of spider called the Hobo Spider.
Penis Fencing is a scientific term for the mating ritual between flatworms. It involves two flatworms attempting to stab the other flatworm with their penis.
A toaster uses almost half as much energy as a full-sized oven.
A baby spider is called a spiderling.
You cannot snore and dream at the same time.
The following can be read forward and backwards: Do geese see God?
A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born.
A sheep, a duck and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon.
In Uganda, 50% of the population is under 15 years of age.
Hitlers mother considered abortion but the doctor persuaded her to keep the baby.
Arab women can initiate a divorce if their husbands dont pour coffee for them.
Recycling one glass jar saves enough energy to watch TV for 3 hours.
Smearing a small amount of dog feces on an insect bite will relieve the itching and swelling.
Catfish are the only animals that naturally have an odd number of whiskers.
Facebook, Skype and Twitter are all banned in China.
95% of people text things they could never say in person.
The Titanic was the first ship to use the SOS signal.
In Poole, Pound World went out of business because of a store across the road called 99p Stores, which was selling the same products but for just 1 pence cheaper! Read More.
About 8,000 Americans are injured by musical instruments each year.
The French language has seventeen different words for surrender.
Nearly three percent of the ice in Antarctic glaciers is penguin urine.
Bob Dylans real name is Robert Zimmerman.
A crocodile cant poke its tongue out :p
Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they dont drift away from each other.
A small child could swim through the veins of a blue whale.
Bin Ladens death was announced on 1st May 2011. Hitlers death was announced on 1st May 1945.
J.K. Rowling chose the unusual name Hermione so young girls wouldnt be teased for being nerdy!
Hewlett-Packards name was decided in a coin toss.
The total number of steps in the Eiffel Tower are 1665.
The Pokmon Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan are based off of Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan.
The toothpaste Colgate in Spanish translates to go hang yourself. Read More.
Pirates wore earrings because they believed it improved their eyesight.
Los Angeless full name is El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula.
Dr. Kellogg introduced Kellogg Corn Flakes in hopes that it would reduce masturbation.
The testicles on an octopus are located in its head!
In England, in the 1880s, Pants was considered a dirty word.
It snowed in the Sahara desert for 30 minutes on the 18th February 1979.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
If you leave everything to the last minute it will only take a minute.
Ithyphallophobia is the fear of erections.
The first alarm clock could only ring at 4am.
Birds dont urinate.
Dying is illegal in the Houses of Parliaments  This has been voted as the most ridiculous law by the British citizens.
The word ejaculation comes from the Latin word meaning throwing out.
The 20th of March is known as Snowman Burning Day!
Slugs have 4 noses.
Panphobia is the fear of everything which is a pretty unlucky phobia to have.
An apple, potato, and onion all taste the same if you eat them with your nose plugged.
George Washington grew marijuana in his garden.
A company in Taiwan makes dinnerware out of wheat, so you can eat your plate!
The average person walks the equivalent of twice around the world in a lifetime.
The Bible is the most shoplifted book in the world.
Marco Hort has the world record for fitting 264 straws in his mouth at once!
Mel Blanc  the voice of Bugs Bunny  was allergic to carrots.
California has issued 6 drivers licenses to people named Jesus Christ.
According to Genesis 1:20-22 the chicken came before the egg.
In the Caribbean there are oysters that can climb trees.
Worms eat their own poo.
Squirrels forget where they hide about half of their nuts.
Over 1000 birds a year die from smashing into windows.
The inventor of the Waffle Iron did not like waffles.
George W. Bush was once a cheerleader.
In Japan, it is completely acceptable to name your child Buttocks or Prostitute.
In 1895 Hampshire police handed out the first ever speeding ticket, fining a man for doing 6mph!
Each year, there are more than 40,000 toilet related injuries in the United States.
A tapir has the largest penis-to-body ratio of any animal.
Mewtwo is a clone of the Pokmon Mew, yet it comes before Mew in the Pokdex.
Every year more than 2500 left-handed people are killed from using right-handed products.
Madonna suffers from garophobia which is the fear of thunder.
China has more English speakers than the United States.
Samuel L. Jackson requested to have a purple light saber in Star Wars in order for him to accept the part as Mace Windu.
Paraskavedekatriaphobia is the fear of Friday the 13th!
Kleenex tissues were originally used as filters in gas masks.
In 1998, Sony accidentally sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through peoples clothes. These cameras had special lenses that use infrared light, which allowed you to see through some types of clothing.
Upon losing battles, apes will tend to masturbate.
Ronald McDonald is Donald McDonald in Japan because it makes pronunciation easier for the Japanese. In Singapore hes known as Uncle McDonald.
Bananas are used as unit to measure radiation (BED = Banana Equivalent Dose)
100 Bananas are equal to the average daily radiation
Nearly all commercial banana plants are perfect clones of one another
There are approximately 1000 different types of banana plants in the world
Over 100 billion bananas are consumed annually in the world
Bananas are the 4th largest agricultural product in the world, following only wheat, rice and corn
Americans eat more bananas than any other fruit, with an average consumption of 26.2 pounds of bananas per year
Americans eat more bananas than both apples & oranges combined
Bananas don't grow on trees, they grow from a root structure that produces an above ground stem
Bananas are berries and raspberries aren't
Bananas are the only fruit containing the amino acid tryptophan plus Vitamin B6
Bananas are very healthy, containing almost no fat; are very low in calories; and are high in vitamin B6, fiber & potassium
A cluster of bananas is formerly called a "hand" and a single banana is called a "finger"
The scientific names of most cultivated bananas are Musa acuminata, Musa balbisiana, and Musa  paradisiaca for the hybrid Musa acuminata  M. balbisiana, depending on their genomic constitution
Bananas float in water, as do apples and watermelons
The type of banana you see in the supermarket is called a Cavendish banana
More than 96 percent of American households buy bananas at least once a month
51 percent of bananas are eaten for breakfast at home
A man in India once ate 81 bananas in a half hour
More songs have been written about bananas than about any other fruit
Bananas first appeared in written history in the 6th century B.C.
If you put a banana in the refrigerator, the peel will turn dark brown or black, but it wont affect the fruit inside
Bananas ripen best if they are picked when green
Banana peels are actually edible if cooked
Ripened bananas fluoresce in blue when exposed to UV light
Banana hearts are used as a vegetable in South Asian and Southeast Asian cuisine
I'm open source over at https://github.com/WebFreak001/BananaBot
The word banana comes from the Arabic word "banan", meaning finger
The banana plant is not a tree, it is the world's largest herb
The "trunk" of a banana plant is not made of wood, it is made of tightly overlapping leaves
Bananas could help you to feel happier as they contain tryptophan, a type of protein that the body converts into serotonin, known to promote relaxation and improve mood
The inside of a banana skin can be used to calm an itchy mosquito bite - many people find that rubbing the bite with the skin helps to reduce irritation
Because bananas don't have seeds, popular varieties are at high risk of becoming extinct, should they be attacked by an aggressive disease
Bananas are 80% water, but it is extremely hard to extract banana juice. Indian scientists first found a way to do it in 2005, but the method remains a secret
Over 20% of the world's bananas are grown in India
Cats can hear sounds too faint or too high in frequency for human ears, such as those made by mice and other small animals.
Like most other mammals, cats have poorer color vision and a better sense of smell than humans.
Despite being solitary hunters, cats are a social species, and cat communication includes the use of a variety of vocalizations (mewing, purring, trilling, hissing, growling and grunting) as well as cat pheromones, and types of cat-specific body language.
Cats have a rapid breeding rate. Under controlled breeding, they can be bred and shown as registered pedigree pets, a hobby known as cat fancy.
Failure to control the breeding of pet cats by neutering, and the abandonment of former household pets, has resulted in large numbers of feral cats worldwide, requiring population control.
A genetic study in 2007 concluded that domestic cats are descended from African wildcats (Felis silvestris lybica) c. 8000 BC, in West Asia.
Cats are the most popular pet in the world, and are now found in almost every place where humans live.
A pedigreed cat is one whose ancestry is recorded by a cat fancier organization.
A purebred cat is one whose ancestry contains only individuals of the same breed.
The world record for the largest cat is 21.3 kg (47 lb).
The smallest adult cat ever officially recorded weighed around 1.36 kg (3.0 lb).
Feral cats tend to be lighter as they have more limited access to food than house cats.
Cats average about 23-25 cm (9-10 in) in height and 46 cm (18.1 in) in head/body length (males being larger than females), with tails averaging 30 cm (11.8 in) in length.
Unlike human arms, cat forelimbs are attached to the shoulder by free-floating clavicle bones which allow them to pass their body through any space into which they can fit their heads.
The cat skull is unusual among mammals in having very large eye sockets and a powerful and specialized jaw.
Cats conserve heat by reducing the flow of blood to their skin and lose heat by evaporation through their mouth.
Cats have minimal ability to sweat, with glands located primarily in their paw pads.
Cats pant for heat relief only at very high temperatures (but may also pant when stressed).
A cat's body temperature does not vary throughout the day; this is part of cats' general lack of circadian rhythms and may reflect their tendency to be active both during the day and at night.
Cats' feces are comparatively dry and their urine is highly concentrated, both of which are adaptations that allow cats to retain as much fluid as possible.
Cats' kidneys are so efficient that they can survive on a diet consisting only of meat, with no additional water, and can even rehydrate by drinking seawater.
In contrast to omnivores such as rats, which only require about 4% protein in their diet, about 20% of a cat's diet must be protein.
Since cats tend to eat all of their prey, they obtain minerals by digesting animal bones, and a diet composed only of meat may cause calcium deficiency.
A cat's gastrointestinal tract is adapted to meat eating, being much shorter than that of omnivores and having low levels of several of the digestive enzymes that are needed to digest carbohydrates.
Cats do eat grass occasionally. Proposed explanations include that grass is a source of folic acid or dietary fiber.
Cats have excellent night vision and can see at only one-sixth the light level required for human vision.
Night vision is partly the result of cat eyes having a tapetum lucidum, which reflects any light that passes through the retina back into the eye, thereby increasing the eye's sensitivity to dim light.
Unlike some big cats, such as tigers, domestic cats have slit pupils.
slit pupils can focus bright light without chromatic aberration, and are needed since the domestic cat's pupils are much larger, relative to their eyes, than the pupils of the big cats.
At low light levels a cat's pupils will expand to cover most of the exposed surface of its eyes.
Domestic cats have rather poor color vision and (like most non-primate mammals) have only two types of cones, optimized for sensitivity to blue and yellowish green.
Cat hearing is also extremely sensitive and is among the best of any mammal.
Domestic and wild cats share a gene mutation that keeps their sweet taste buds from binding to sugary molecules like carbohydrates, leaving them with no ability to taste sweetness.
While asleep, cats experience short periods of rapid eye movement sleep often accompanied by muscle twitches, which suggests that they are dreaming.
Despite some cats cohabiting in colonies, cats do not have a social survival strategy, or a pack mentality and always hunt alone.
Domestic cats use many vocalizations for communication, including purring, trilling, hissing, growling/snarling, grunting, and several different forms of meowing.
Feral cats are generally silent.
Even though cats and dogs are believed to be natural enemies, they can live together if correctly socialized.
It has even been theorized that the high-pitched sounds housecats make to solicit food may mimic the cries of a hungry human infant, making them particularly hard for humans to ignore.
Cats are known for their cleanliness, spending many hours licking their coats.
Some cats, particularly longhaired cats, occasionally regurgitate hairballs of fur that have collected in their stomachs from grooming.
Domestic cats are a major predator of wildlife in the United States killing an estimated 1.43.7 billion birds and 6.920.7 billion mammals annually.
Domestic cats select food based on its temperature, smell and texture, strongly disliking chilled foods and responding most strongly to moist foods rich in amino acids, which are similar to meat.
Since cats cannot fully close their lips around something to create suction, they use a lapping method with the tongue to draw liquid upwards into their mouths.
There are more than 500 million domestic cats in the world, with 33 different breeds.
Cats "paw" or "knead" (repeatedly treading on a spot - sometimes its owner) to mark their territory.
Cats sweat through the bottom of their paws and rub off the sweat as a marking mechanism.
Cat urine glows in the dark when a black light shines on it.
The print on a cat's nose has a unique ridged pattern, like a human fingerprint.
25% of cat owners admit to blow drying their cat's hair after a bath.
If your cat is near you, and her tail is quivering, this is the greatest expression of love your cat can give you.
If your cat is thrashing its tail, she is in a bad mood - time for you to keep your distance!
Only domestic cats hold their tails straight up while walking. Wild cats hold their tails horizontally or tucked between their legs while walking.
During her productive life, one female cat could have more than 100 kittens. A single pair of cats and their kittens can produce as many as 420,000 kittens in just 7 years.
Sir Isaac Newton, discoverer of the principles of gravity, also invented the cat door.
The more you talk to your cat, the more it will speak to you.
Kittens begin dreaming when they are over one week old.
A male cat is called a "tom," a female cat is called a "molly" or "queen", and young cats are called "kittens."
Cats spend 30% of their waking hours grooming themselves.
Each year Americans spend four billion dollars on cat food. That's one billion dollars more than they spend on baby food!
Cats can make over 100 vocal sounds, while dogs can only make 10.
The majority of cats do not have any eyelashes.
Cats have been used to deliver mail: In Belgium in 1879, 37 cats were used to deliver mail to villages. However they found that the cats were not disciplined enough to keep it up.
In a lifetime, the average house cat spends approximately 10,950 hours purring.
A cat's jaws cannot move sideways.
Cats rarely meow at other cats.
When cats are happy, they may squeeze their eyes shut.
The reason for the lack of mouse-flavored cat food is due to the fact that the test subjects (cats, naturally!) did not like it.
Unlike most other cats, the Turkish Van breed has a water-resistant coat and enjoys being in water.
Cats came to the Americas from Europe as pest controllers in the 1750s.
Cats who eat too much tuna can become addicted, which can actually cause a Vitamin E deficiency.
A cat's heart beats almost double the rate of a human heart, from 110 to 140 beats per minute.
Cat's back claws aren't as sharp as the claws on their front paws.
Ragdoll cats will literally go limp, with relaxed muscles, when lifted by a human.
Cats came to the Americas from Europe as pest controllers in the 1750s.
Teeth of cats are sharper when they're kittens. After six months, they lose their needle-sharp milk teeth.
Some cats can survive falls from as high up as 65 feet or more.
It has been said that the Ukrainian Levkoy has the appearance of a dog, due to the angles of its face.
The average cat needs about an ounce of water per pound of body weight daily, adding up to about two quarts of water per week.
In 2013, a cat ran as a candidate for mayor of Mexico City.
Cats spend 30% of their waking hours grooming themselves.
An adult cat has 32 teeth.
A cat's heart beats twice as fast as a human heart, at 110 to 140 beats per minute.
Cats knead with their paws when they're happy.
The domestic cat is the only cat species able to hold its tail vertically while walking. All wild cats hold their tails horizontally or tucked between their legs while walking.
During her productive life, one female cat could have more than 100 kittens.
Cats have 290 bones in their bodies, and 517 muscles.
There are three body types for a cat. Cobby type is a compact body, deep chest, short legs and broad head. The eyes are large and round. Muscular type is a sturdy body and round, full-cheeked head. Foreign type is a slender body, with long legs and a long tail. The head is wedge-shaped, with tall ears and slanting eyes.
Know how old your cat really is? If your cat is 3, your cat is 21 in human years. If your cat is 8, your cat is 40 in human years. If your cat is 14, your cat is 70 in human years.
The average age for an indoor cat is 15 years, while the average age for an outdoor cat is only 3 to 5 years.
A cat's normal body temperature is 101.5 degrees F (38.6 C). This is slightly warmer than a humans.
There are two species of wild cats in African and Europe that still hunt. These two species both resemble the domestic tabbies.
Cats are partially color blind. They have the equivalency of human red/green color blindness. (Reds appear green and greens appear red; or shades thereof.)
Cats don't see "detail" very well. To them, their person may appear hazy when standing in front of them.
Cats need 1/6th the amount of light that humans do to see. Their night vision is amazing!
The color of a kitten's eyes will change as it grows older.
At birth, kittens can't see or hear. Cats open their eyes after five to fifteen days and begin to develop their eyesight and hearing at approximately 2 weeks. They begin to walk at 20 days.
Kittens begin dreaming at just over one week old.
A cat's ear pivots 180 degrees. They have 30 muscles in each ear, and use twelve or more muscles to control their ear movement.
When it was originally opened, there were only 18 attractions, 14 of which are still running. Today, there is now a total of 51 attractions!
When it initially opened, admission cost $1  today it is now a whopping $99!
The most popular Disneyland souvenir is the Mickey Mouse ears. Over 84 million have been sold since the park opened!
There are approximately 200 wild cats that live in Disneyland to help get rid of rodents. All of the cats were spayed and neutered before being re-released back into the park. When the cats cant survive off of only hunting the rodents, there are feeding stations set up for them around the park.
The longest serving cast member has been working there since 1956. He currently works at the Carnation Caf.
Over 700 million people have visited Disneyland since the initial opening.
All of the plants in the Tomorrowland ride are edible to represent the advancement of humanity.
In the Pirates of the Caribbean ride, all of the skeletons used to be real, taken from UCLAs medical center. Now, there is only one human skull in the ride, which is the one attached to the headboard.
Disneyland employees were not allowed to have mustaches until 2000.
There is a time capsule that was buried at Sleeping Beautys castle in 1995 for the 40th anniversary, which will be opened 50 years later in 2045.
The original Disneyland in Anaheim, California, opened on July 17th, 1955.
It only took one year to be constructed with 2,500 laborers, and cost $17 million to build.
The Disneyland location in Anaheim is the only theme park directly supervised and built by Walt Disney.
The idea for Disneyland came to Walt Disney after taking his daughters to Griffith Park in the 30s and 40s, and watching them on the merry-go-round.
The bench from Griffith Park where Walt Disney came up with the concept is on display in the park near entrance of Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln.
In order to gain further inspiration for his concept, he visited other parks such at Tivoli Gardens in Denmark, Efteling in the Netherlands, and Childrens Fairyland in the U.S.
Disneyland California Adventure was built on the site of the original Disneyland parking lot.
In 2013, Disneyland was the third most visited park in the world with about 16.2 million guests visiting.
The earliest documented account of Disneys plans was in 1948 in a message to a production designer. He referred to his concept at the time as Mickey Mouse Park.
Upon opening day in 1955, 28,000 people attended, however half of those purchased forged tickets or snuck into the park by hopping the fence.
If you have 3 quarters, 4 dimes, and 4 pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar.
The numbers '172' can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar bill in the bushes at the base of the Lincoln Memorial.
President Kennedy was the fastest random speaker in the world with upwards of 350 words per minute.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles represents the number of varieties of pickles the company once had.
In the early days of the telephone, operators would pick up a call and use the phrase, "Well, are you there?". It wasn't until 1895 that someone suggested answering the phone with the phrase "number please?"
The surface area of an average-sized brick is 79 cm squared.
According to suicide statistics, Monday is the favored day for self-destruction.
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
It is believed that Shakespeare was 46 around the time that the King James Version of the Bible was written. In Psalms 46, the 46th word from the first word is shake and the 46th word from the last word is spear.
Karoke means "empty orchestra" in Japanese.
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies.
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C.
Rhode Island is the smallest state with the longest name. The official name, used on all state documents, is "Rhode Island and Providence Plantations."
When you die your hair still grows for a couple of months.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.
The newspaper serving Frostbite Falls, Minnesota, the home of Rocky and Bullwinkle, is the Picayune Intellegence.
It would take 11 Empire State Buildings, stacked one on top of the other, to measure the Gulf of Mexico at its deepest point.
The first person selected as the Time Magazine Man of the Year - Charles Lindbergh in 1927.
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million.
It took Leo Tolstoy six years to write "War & Peace".
The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours is.
On the new hundred dollar bill the time on the clock tower of Independence Hall is 4:10.
Each of the suits on a deck of cards represents the four major pillars of the economy in the middle ages: heart represented the Church, spades represented the military, clubs represented agriculture, and diamonds represented the merchant class.
The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude. They were named by then-mayor Fiorello LaGuardia.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly.
Lucy and Linus (who where brother and sister) had another little brother named Rerun. (He sometimes played left-field on Charlie Brown's baseball team, [when he could find it!]).
The pancreas produces Insulin.
1 in 5,000 north Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue.
There are 10 human body parts that are only 3 letters long (eye hip arm leg ear toe jaw rib lip gum).
A skunk's smell can be detected by a human a mile away.
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
The king of hearts is the only king without a moustache.
Henry Ford produced the model T only in black because the black paint available at the time was the fastest to dry.
Mario, of Super Mario Bros. fame, appeared in the 1981 arcade game, Donkey Kong. His original name was Jumpman, but was changed to Mario to honor the Nintendo of America's landlord, Mario Segali.
The three best-known western names in China: Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, and Elvis Presley.
Every year about 98% of the atoms in your body are replaced.
Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump.
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
World Tourist day is observed on September 27.
Women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet (9 m).
Diet Coke was only invented in 1982.
There are more than 1,700 references to gems and precious stones in the King James translation of the Bible.
When snakes are born with two heads, they fight each other for food.
American car horns beep in the tone of F.
Turning a clock's hands counterclockwise while setting it is not necessarily harmful. It is only damaging when the timepiece contains a chiming mechanism.
There are twice as many kangaroos in Australia as there are people. The kangaroo population is estimated at about 40 million.
Police dogs are trained to react to commands in a foreign language; commonly German but more recently Hungarian.
The Australian $5 to $100 notes are made of plastic.
St. Stephen is the patron saint of bricklayers.
The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year.
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards.
If you had enough water to fill one million goldfish bowls, you could fill an entire stadium.
Mary Stuart became Queen of Scotland when she was only six days old.
Charlie Brown's father was a barber.
Flying from London to New York by Concord, due to the time zones crossed, you can arrive 2 hours before you leave.
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet (2 m) away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching TV.
A lion's roar can be heard from five miles away.
The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; "7" was selected because the original containers were 7 ounces. "UP" indicated the direction of the bubbles.
Canadian researchers have found that Einstein's brain was 15% wider than normal.
The average person spends about 2 years on the phone in a lifetime.
The fist product to have a bar code was Wrigleys gum.
The largest number of children born to one woman is recorded at 69. From 1725-1765, a Russian peasant woman gave birth to 16 sets of twins, 7 sets of triplets, and 4 sets of quadruplets.
Beatrix Potter created the first of her legendary "Peter Rabbit" children's stories in 1902.
In ancient Rome, it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose.
The word "nerd" was first coined by Dr. Seuss in "If I Ran the Zoo."
A 41-gun salute is the traditional salute to a royal birth in Great Britain.
The bagpipe was originally made from the whole skin of a dead sheep.
The roar that we hear when we place a seashell next to our ear is not the ocean, but rather the sound of blood surging through the veins in the ear. Any cup-shaped object placed over the ear produces the same effect.
Revolvers cannot be silenced because of all the noisy gasses which escape the cylinder gap at the rear of the barrel.
Liberace Museum has a mirror-plated Rolls Royce; jewel-encrusted capes, and the largest rhinestone in the world, weighing 59 pounds and almost a foot in diameter.
A car that shifts manually gets 2 miles more per gallon of gas than a car with automatic shift.
Cats can hear ultrasound.
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
The United States has never lost a war in which mules were used.
Children grow faster in the springtime.
On average, there are 178 sesame seeds on each McDonalds BigMac bun.
Paul Revere rode on a horse that belonged to Deacon Larkin.
The Baby Ruth candy bar was actually named after Grover Cleveland's baby daughter, Ruth.
Minus 40 degrees Celsius is exactly the same as minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down -- hence the expression "to get fired"
Nobody knows who built the Taj Mahal. The names of the architects, masons, and designers that have come down to us have all proved to be latter-day inventions, and there is no evidence to indicate who the real creators were.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
7.5 million toothpicks can be created from a cord of wood.
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
The earliest recorded case of a man giving up smoking was on April 5, 1679, when Johan Katsu, Sheriff of Turku, Finland, wrote in his diary "I quit smoking tobacco." He died one month later.
"Goodbye" came from "God bye" which came from "God be with you."
February is Black History Month.
Jane Barbie was the woman who did the voice recordings for the Bell System.
The first drive-in service station in the United States was opened by Gulf Oil Company - on December 1, 1913, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The elephant is the only animal with 4 knees.
Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to wear tail lights.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
The strongest muscle in proportion to its size in the human body is the tongue.
Every time you lick a stamp, youre consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks otherwise it will digest itself
Humans are the only primates that dont have pigment in the palms of their hands.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
Its possible to lead a cow upstairsbut not downstairs.
Dogs have four toes on their hind feet, and five on their front feet.
A cockroach will live nine days without its head, before it starves to death.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Elephants are the only mamals that cant jump.
Starfish dont have brains.
Polar bears are left handed.
A ducks quack doesnt echo, and no one knows why.
An ostrichs eye is bigger that its brain.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they could be confused at a crime scene.
Snails can sleep for 3 years without eating
Porcupines float in water.
Armadillos are the only animal besides humans that can get leprosy.
Many hamsters only blink one eye at a time.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
A male emperor moth can smell a female emperor moth up to 7 miles away.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!
Orcas (killer whales) kill sharks by torpedoing up into to sharks stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.
Ten percent of the Russian governments income comes from the sale of vodka.
The number of possible ways of playing the first four moves per side in a game of chess is 318,979,564,000.
The sentence The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. uses every letter in the alphabet. (Developed by Western Union to Test telex/two communications)
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable.
Stewardesses is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, and purple.
I am is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
The Hawaiian alphabet has 12 letters.
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
If you spell out consecutive numbers, you have to go up to one thousand until you would find the letter a
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better than men.
Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers, and laser printers were all invented by women.
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the American Pie. (Thus the name of the Don McLean song.)
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
Honey is the only food that doesnt spoil.
If you put a raisin in a glass of champagne, it will keep floating to the top and sinking to the bottom.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
If NASA sent birds into space they would soon die; they need gravity to swallow.
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards, and are on the Australian coat of arms for that reason.
The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
More people are killed annually by donkeys than die in aircrashes.
Certain frogs can be frozen solid, then thawed, and survive.
Cats urine glows under a black light.
A shark can detect one part of blood in 100 million parts of water.
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
To escape the grip of a crocodiles jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs  it will let you go instantly.
Babies are born without kneecaps. They dont appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca-Cola, and Budweiser, in that order.
Coca Cola was originally green.
40% of McDonalds profits come from the sales of Happy Meals.
Every person has a unique tongue print.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.
The worlds youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.
The youngest Pope was 11 years old.
Einstein couldnt speak fluently when he was nine. His parents thought he might be retarded.
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand and draw with the other at the same time.
Sherlock Holmes never said Elementary, my dear Watson.
In Casablanca, Humphrey Bogart never said Play it again, Sam.
In the TV series I Love Lucy, Ricki Ricardo never actually said Lucy you have some splaining to do
A jiffy is an actual unit of time: 1/100th of a second.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a Friday the 13th.
First novel ever written on a typewriter: Tom Sawyer
The mask used by Michael Myers in the original film Halloween was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
James Doohan, who played Lt. Commander Montgomery Scott on Star Trek, was missing the entire middle finger of his right hand.
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.
Debra Winger was the voice of E.T.
During the chariot scene in Ben Hur a small red car can be seen in the distance.
The first couple to be shown in bed together on prime time television were Fred and Wilma Flintstone.
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
Every day more money is printed for monopoly than the US Treasury.
The city with the most Roll Royces per capita: Hong Kong
Percentage of Africa that is wilderness: 28% Percentage of North America that is wilderness: 38%
Barbies measurements if she were life size: 39-23-33
Cost of raising a medium-sized dog to the age of 11: 4000
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the General Purpose vehicle, G.P.
The cruise liner Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of fuel that it burns.
A Saudi Arabian woman can get a divorce if her husband doesnt give her coffee.
The dot over the letter i is called a tittle.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesnt wear trousers.
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine
A crocodile cant stick its tongue out.
A shrimps heart is in its head.
People say Bless you when you sneeze because when you sneeze,your heart stops for a mili-second.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
Rats and horses cant vomit.
If you sneeze too hard, you can fracture a rib.
If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
If you keep your eyes open by force when you sneeze, you might pop an eyeball out.
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over a million descendants.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts.
In the course of an average lifetime you will, while sleeping, eat 70 assorted insects and 10 spiders.
Like fingerprints, everyones tongue print is different.
Over 75% of people who read this will try to lick their elbow.
A crocodile cant move its tongue and cannot chew. Its digestive juices are so strong that it can digest a steel nail.
A person can live without food for about a month, but only about a week without water.
If the amount of water in your body is reduced by just 1%, youll feel thirsty.
If its reduced by 10%, youll die.
Ethernet is a registered trademark of Xerox, Unix is a registered trademark of AT&T.
Bill Gates first business was Traff-O-Data, a company that created machines which recorded the number of cars passing a given point on a road.
Uranus orbital axis is tilted at 90 degrees.
Outside the USA, Ireland is the largest software producing country in the world.
The first fossilized specimen of Australopithecus afarenisis was named Lucy after the paleontologists favorite song Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, by the Beatles.
Figlet, an ASCII font converter program, stands for Frank, Ian and Glenns LETters.
Every year about 98% of atoms in your body are replaced.
Hot water is heavier than cold.
Plutonium  first weighed on August 20th, 1942, by University of Chicago scientists Glenn Seaborg and his colleagues  was the first man-made element.
If you went out into space, you would explode before you suffocated because theres no air pressure.
The radioactive substance, Americanium  241 is used in many smoke detectors.
Sound travels 15 times faster through steel than through the air.
On average, half of all false teeth have some form of radioactivity.
Only one satellite has been ever been destroyed by a meteor: the European Space Agencys Olympus in 1993.
A chip of silicon a quarter-inch square has the capacity of the original 1949 ENIAC computer, which occupied a city block.
At a jet planes speed of 1,000 km (620mi) per hour, the length of the plane becomes one atom shorter than its original length.
Western Electric successfully brought sound to motion pictures and introduced systems of mobile communications which culminated in the cellular telephone.
On December 23, 1947, Bell Telephone Laboratories in Murray Hill, N.J., held a secret demonstration of the transistor which marked the foundation of modern electronics.
Ostriches are often not taken seriously. They can run faster than horses, and the males can roar like lions.
Seals used for their fur get extremely sick when taken aboard ships.
Sloths take two weeks to digest their food.
Guinea pigs and rabbits cant sweat.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the cockfighting market is huge: The Philippines has five million roosters used for exactly that.
The porpoise is second to man as the most intelligent animal on the planet.
Young beavers stay with their parents for the first two years of their lives before going out on their own.
Skunks can accurately spray their smelly fluid as far as ten feet.
Deer cant eat hay.
Gopher snakes in Arizona are not poisonous, but when frightened they may hiss and shake their tails like rattlesnakes.
On average, dogs have better eyesight than humans, although not as colorful.
The duckbill platypus can store as many as six hundred worms in the pouches of its cheeks.
The lifespan of a squirrel is about nine years.
North American oysters do not make pearls of any value.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
Gorillas sleep as much as fourteen hours per day.
A biological reserve has been made for golden toads because they are so rare.
There are more than fifty different kinds of kangaroos.
Jellyfish like salt water. A rainy season often reduces the jellyfish population by putting more fresh water into normally salty waters where they live.
The female lion does ninety percent of the hunting.
A group of twelve or more cows is called a flink.
You can tell the sex of a horse by its teeth. Most males have 40, females have 36.
Money isnt made out of paper; its made out of cotton.
Your stomach produces a new layer of mucus every two weeks  otherwise it will digest itself.
The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp paper.
Susan Lucci is the daughter of Phyllis Diller.
Every person has a unique tongue print as well as fingerprints.
315 entries in Websters 1996 Dictionary were misspelled.
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
Warren Beatty and Shirley MacLaine are brother and sister.
Orcas (killer whales) kill sharks by torpedoing up into the sharks stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesnt wear any pants.
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine.
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan, there was never a recorded Wendy before!
There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme with: orange, purple, and silver!
Leonardo Da Vinci invented scissors.
A tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion will make it instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
The mask used by Michael Myers in the original Halloween was a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying!
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher.
Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from Public Libraries.
Astronauts are not allowed to eat beans before they go into space because passing wind in a space suit damages them.
The word queue is the only word in the English language that is still pronounced the same way when the last four letters are removed.
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.
Of all the words in the English language, the word set has the most definitions!
What is called a French kiss in the English speaking world is known as an English kiss in France.
Almost is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
Rhythm is the longest English word without a vowel.
In 1386, a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child
A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
You cant kill yourself by holding your breath
There is a city called Rome on every continent.
Its against the law to have a pet dog in Iceland.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day.
Horatio Nelson, one of Englands most illustrious admirals was throughout his life, never able to find a cure for his sea-sickness.
The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people
Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, everytime you breathe!
The elephant is the only mammal that cant jump!
One quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet!
Like fingerprints, everyones tongue print is different!
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin!
The present population of 5 billion plus people of the world is predicted to become 15 billion by 2080.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.
Honey is the only food that does not spoil. Honey found in the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs has been tasted by archaeologists and found edible.
Coca-Cola would be green if colouring werent added to it.
On average a hedgehogs heart beats 300 times a minute.
More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.
More people are allergic to cows milk than any other food.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
The placement of a donkeys eyes in its heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!
The six official languages of the United Nations are: English, French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish.
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.
Its against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
Youre born with 300 bones, but by the time you become an adult, you only have 206.
Some worms will eat themselves if they cant find any food!
Dolphins sleep with one eye open!
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
The worlds oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old!
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds
Queen Elizabeth I regarded herself as a paragon of cleanliness. She declared that she bathed once every three months, whether she needed it or not
Slugs have 4 noses.
Owls are the only birds who can see the colour blue.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years!
The average person laughs 10 times a day!
An ostrichs eye is bigger than its brain.
If you farted consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb.
The human heart! creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
A pigs orgasm lasts 30 minutes.
A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death!
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories a hour
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the males head off.
The flea can jump 350 times its body length. Its like a human jumping the length of a football field.
The catfish has over 27,000 taste buds.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
The strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.
A cats urine glows under a black light.
Starfish have no brains.
Polar bears are left-handed.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses.  No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
The average secretarys left hand does 56% of the typing.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
There are more chickens than people in the world (at least before that chicken-flu thing).
Two-thirds of the worlds eggplant is grown in New Jersey.
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is screeched.
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver or purple.
Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters mt.
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
There are only four words in the English language which end in dous: tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
An ostrichs eye is bigger than its brain.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
Al Capones business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross.
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the states third largest city.
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
Its impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.
Whos that playing the piano on the Mad About You theme?  Paul Reiser himself.
The male gypsy moth can smell the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away (pretty good trick).
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister.
John Lennons first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
Stewardesses is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
The pound key on your keyboard (#) is called an octotroph.
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.
The dot over the letter i is called a tittle.
Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr.
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, thus the name.
The original story from Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights begins, Aladdin was a little Chinese boy.
Michael Jordan makes more money from NIKE annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined.
The volume of the Earths moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean.
Cephalacaudal recapitulation is the reason our extremities develop Faster than the rest of us.
The slogan on New Hampshire license plates is Live Free or Die. These license plates are manufactured by prisoners in the state prison in Concord.
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne.
Hydrogen gas is the least dense substance in the world, at 0.08988g/cc. Hydrogen solid is the most dense substance in the world, at 70.6g/cc.
Each year there is one ton of cement poured for each man woman and child in the world.
The house fly hums in the middle octave key of F.
The only capital letter in the Roman alphabet with exactly one end point is P.
The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earths orbit around the sun.
The longest place name still in use is: Taumatawhakatangihangaoauauotam-eteaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokai-whenu a kitanatahu  a New Zealand hill.
Only 1 in 2,000,000,000 will live to be 116 or older.
When you tie a noose, the rope is wrapped twelve times around because its the same length as a persons head.
Hummingbirds are the only animal that can fly backwards.
A cats jaw cannot move sideways.
The sentence, The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog, uses every letter in the alphabet.
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the American Pie (Thus the name of the Don McLean song).
When opossums are playing possum, they are not playing. They actually pass out from sheer terror.
Hersheys Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like its kissing the conveyor belt.
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan.
In Cleveland, Ohio, its illegal to catch mice without a hunting license.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a years supply of footballs.
There are an average of 178 sesame seeds on a McDonalds Big Mac bun.
The worlds termites outweigh the worlds humans 10 to 1.
Pound for pound, hamburgers cost more than new cars.
When Heinz ketchup leaves the bottle, it travels at a rate of 25 miles per year.
Elephants cant jump.  Every other mammal can.
Most American car horns honk in the key of F.
Barbies full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.
Every time you lick a stamp, you consume 1/10 of a calorie.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every 2 weeks otherwise it will digest itself.
The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; 7 was selected after the original 7-ounce containers and UP for the direction of the bubbles.
A pigs orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.
To escape the grip of a crocodiles jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs  it will let you go instantly.
Reindeer like to eat bananas.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver and purple.
The word samba means to rub navels together.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
More people are killed annually by donkeys than airplane crashes.
A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
A whales penis is called a dork.
Because of the rotation of the earth, an object can be thrown farther if it is thrown west.
The average person spends 6 months of their life sitting at red lights.
More Monopoly money is printed in a year, than real money throughout the world.
Caesar salad has nothing to do with any of the Caesars. It was first concocted in a bar in Tijuana, Mexico, in the 1920s.
One quarter of the bones in your body are in your feet.
Seattles Fremont Bridge rises up and down more than any drawbridge in the world.
Right-handed people live, on average; nine years longer than left handed people.
In the United States, a pound of potato chips costs two hundred times more than a pound of potatoes.
A giraffe can go without water longer than a camel.
Nearly 80% of all animals on earth have six legs.
Ninety percent of all species that have become extinct have been birds.
There is approximately one chicken for every human being in the world.
Most collect calls are made on fathers day.
Each of us generates about 3.5 pounds of rubbish a day, most of it paper.
Women manage the money and pay the bills in  75% of all Americans households.
It has NEVER rained in Calama, a town in the Atacama Desert of Chile.
Daylight Saving Time is not observed in most of the state of Arizona and parts of Indiana.
Bees have 5 eyes. There are 3 small eyes on the top of a bees head and 2 larger ones in front.
One-fourth of the worlds population lives on less than $200 a year. Ninety million people survive on less than $75 a year.
Butterflies taste with their hind feet.
Only female mosquitos bite and most are attracted to the color blue twice as much as to any other color.
If one places a tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
In eighteenth-century English gambling dens, there was an employee whose only job was to swallow the dice if there was a police raid.
The first product to have a bar code was Wrigleys gum.
Annual growth of WWW traffic is 314,000%
%60 of all people using the Internet, use it for pornography.
In 1778, fashionable women of Paris never went out in blustery weather without a lightning rod attached to their hats.
Sex burns 360 calories per hour.
Celery has negative calories! It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it.
The pop you hear when you crack your knuckles is actually a bubble of gas burning.
A literal translation of a standard traffic sign in China: Give large space to the festive dog that makes sport in the roadway.
In a lifetime the average human produces enough quarts of spit to fill 2 swimming pools.
Barbies measurements, if she were life-size, would be 39-29-33.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30ft.
One third of all cancers are sun related.
It has been estimated that humans use only 10% of their brain.
Most Egyptians died by the time they were 30 about 300 years ago,
1 in every 4 Americans has appeared someway or another on television.
1 in 8 Americans has worked at a McDonalds restaurant.
70% of all boats sold are used for fishing.
The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar and England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes.
You were born with 300 bones, but by the time you are an adult you will only have 206.
If you go blind in one eye you only lose about one fifth of your vision but all your sense of depth.
The strongest muscle (Relative to size) in the body is the tongue.
A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brothers first flight.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first-class.
The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteens Born in the USA
The thumbnail grows the slowest, the middle nail the fastest, nearly 4 times faster than toenails.
The Human eyes never grow, but nose and ears never stop growing.
Tom Sawyer was the first novel written on a typewriter.
If Texas were a country, its GNP would be the fifth largest of any country in the world.
There are 1 million ants for every human in the world.
The Golden Arches of fast food chain McDonalds is more recognized worldwide than the religious cross of Christianity.
Former basketball superstar Michael Jordan is the most recognized face in the world, more than the pope himself.
The average talker sprays about 300 microscopic saliva droplets per minute, about 2.5 droplets per word.
The Earth experiences 50,000 Earth quakes per year and is hit by Lightning 100 times a second.
Every year 11,000 Americans injure themselves while trying out bizarre sexual positions.
If we had the same mortality rate now as in 1900, more than half the people in the world today would not be alive.
On average, Americans eat 18 acres of pizza everyday.
During a severe windstorm or rainstorm the Empire State Building sways several feet to either side.
In the last 3,500 years, there have been approximately 230 years of peace throughout the civilized world.
The Black Death reduced the population of Europe by one third in the period from 1347 to 1351.
The average person spends about two years on the phone in a lifetime.
Length of beard an average man would grow if he never shaved 27.5 feet
Over 60% of all those who marry get divorced.
400-quarter pounders can be made from 1 cow.
A full-loaded supertanker traveling at normal speed takes at least 20 minutes to stop.
Coca-Cola was originally green.
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better.
Hong Kong holds the most Rolls Royces per capita.
Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear: 7
Average number of people airborne over the US any given hour: 61,000.
Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation.
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments.
I am. is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
Hersheys Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like its kissing the conveyor belt.
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army. G.P. for General Purpose vehicle.
In Aspen Colorado, you can have a maximum income of $104,000 and still receive government subsidized housing.
Honking of car horns for a couple that just got married is an old superstition to insure great sex.
Dr. Kellogg introduced Kelloggs Corn Flakes in hopes that it would reduce masturbation.
The sperm of a mouse is actually longer than the sperm of an elephant.
In medieval France, unfaithful wives were made to chase a chicken through town naked.
The Black Widow spider eats her mate during or after sex.
Napoleons penis was sold to an American Urologist for $40,000.
Eating the heart of a male Partridge was the cure for impotence in ancient Babylon.
A bull can inseminate 300 cows from one single ejaculation.
When a Hawaiian woman wears a flower over her left ear, it means that she is not available.
The save icon on Microsoft Word shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.
The only nation whose name begins with an A, but doesnt end in an A is Afghanistan.
The verb cleave is the only English word with two synonyms which are antonyms of each other: adhere and separate.
The only 15-letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable.
The shape of plant collenchymas cells and the shape of the bubbles in beer foam are the same  they are orthotetrachidecahedrons.
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, while dogs only have about ten.
Blueberry Jelly Bellies were created especially for Ronald Reagan.
PEZ candy even comes in a Coffee flavor.
The first song played on Armed Forces Radio during operation Desert Shield was Rock the Casba by the Clash.
Non-dairy creamer is flammable.
Golf courses cover 4% of North America.
The average person will accidentally eat just under a pound of insects every year.
Until 1994, world maps and globes sold in Albania only had Albania on them.
The value of Pi will be officially rounded down to 3.14 from 3.14159265359 on December 31, 1999.
The Great Wall of China is the only man-made structure visible from space.
A piece of paper can be folded no more then 9 times.
The amount of computer Memory required to run WordPerfect for Win95 is 8 times the amount needed aboard the space shuttle.
The average North American will eat 35,000 cookies during their life span.
Between 25% and 33% of the population sneeze when exposed to light.
The most common name in world is Mohammed.
Mount Olympus Mons on Mars is three times the size of Mount Everest.
Most toilets flush in E flat.
2,000 pounds of space dust and other space debris fall on the Earth every day.
Each month, there is at least one report of UFOs from each province of Canada.
40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year.
You can be fined up to $1,000 for whistling on Sunday in Salt Lake City, Utah.
It takes about 142.18 licks to reach the center of a Tootsie pop.
The serial number of the first MAC ever produced was 2001.
It is illegal to eat oranges while bathing in California.
If done perfectly, a rubix cube combination can be solved in 17 turns.
The average American butt is 14.9 inches long.
More bullets were fired in Starship Troopers than any other movie ever made.
60% of electrocutions occur while talking on the telephone during a thunderstorm.
The name of the girl on the statue of liberty is Mother of Exiles.
3.6 cans of Spam are consumed each second.
Theres a systematic lull in conversation every 7 minutes.
The buzz from an electric razor in America plays in the key of B flat; Key of G in England.
There are 1,575 steps from the ground floor to the top of the Empire State building.
The worlds record for keeping a Lifesaver in the mouth with the hole intact is 7 hrs 10 min.
The world record for spitting a watermelon seed is 65 feet 4 inches.
In the Philippine jungle, the yo-yo was first used as a weapon.
Texas is also the only state that is allowed to fly its state flag at the same height as the U.S. flag.
The three most recognized Western names in China are Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, & Elvis Presley.
There is a town in Newfoundland, Canada called Dildo.
In space, astronauts are unable to cry, because there is no gravity and the tears wont flow.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
There are more plastic flamingos in the U.S that there are real ones.
The crack of a whip is actually a tiny sonic boom, since the tip breaks the sound barrier.
Jupiter is bigger than all the other planets in our solar system combined.
Lawn darts are illegal in Canada.
There are more psychoanalysts per capita in Buenos Aires than any other place in the world.
Between 2 and 3 jockeys are killed each year in horse racing.
5,840 people with pillow related injuries checked into U.S. emergency rooms in 1992.
The average woman consumes 6 lbs of lipstick in her lifetime.
Some individuals express concern sharing their soap, rightly so, considering 75% of all people wash from top to bottom.
Conception occurs most in the month of December.
CBS 60 Minutes is the only TV show without a theme song/music.
Half of all Americans live within 50 miles of their birthplace.
Obsession is the most popular boat name.
On average, Americans favorite smell is banana.
If one spells out numbers, they would have to count to One Thousand before coming across the letter A.
Honey is the only food which does not spoil.
3.9% of all women do not wear underwear.
This common everyday occurrence composed of 59% nitrogen, 21% hydrogen, and 9% dioxide is called a fart.
Meteorologists claim theyre right 85% of the time (think about that one!)
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.
The only real person to ever to appear on a pez dispenser was Betsy Ross.
Mike Nesmiths (the guitarist of The Monkeys) mom invented White Out.
Only 6 people in the whole world have died from moshing.
The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terabytes.
In Vermont, the ratio of cows to people is 10:1
Any free-moving liquid in outer space will form itself into a sphere, because of its surface tension.
The average American looks at eight houses before buying one.
Koala is Aboriginal for no drink.
Shakespeare spelled his OWN name several different ways.
The first contraceptive was crocodile dung used by the ancient Egyptians.
Arnold Schonberg suffered from triskaidecaphobia, the fear of the number 13. He died at 13 minutes from midnight on Friday the 13th.
Mozart wrote the nursery rhyme twinkle, twinkle, little star at the age of 5.
Weatherman Willard Scott was the first original Ronald McDonald.
Virginia Woolf wrote all her books standing.
Einstein couldnt speak fluently until after his ninth birthday. His parents thought he was mentally retarded.
Deborah Winger did the voice of E.T.
Kelsey Grammar sings and plays the piano for the theme song of Fraiser.
Thomas Edison, acclaimed inventor of the light bulb, was afraid of the dark.
You can sail all the way around the world at latitude 60 degrees south.
The earth weighs around 6,588,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons.
Porcupines can float in water.
The average persons left hand does 56% of the typing.
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20, a national pot-smokers hour.
Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters mt.
Almonds are a member of the peach family.
Tigers not only have striped fur, they have striped skin!
On the ground, a group of geese is a gaggle, in the sky it is a skein.
To Ensure Promptness, one is expected to pay beyond the value of service  hence the later abbreviation: T.I.P.
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
The scene where Indiana Jones shoots the swordsman in Raiders of the Lost Ark was Harrison Fords idea so that he could take a bathroom break.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
A snail can sleep for three years.
All polar bears are left-handed.
China has more English speakers than the United States.
Elephants are the only animals that cant jump.
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.
In the last 4000 years, no new animals have been domesticated.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
The word set has more definitions than any other word in the English language.
On average, people fear spiders more than they do death.
One of the reasons marijuana is illegal today is because cotton growers in the 1930s lobbied against hemp farmers they saw it as competition.
Shakespeare invented the word assassination and bump.
Starfish havent got brains.
The ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
The name of all continents in the world end with the same letter that they start with.
The longest word comprised of one row on the keyboard is: TYPEWRITER
You cant kill yourself by holding your breath.
The average person spends 12 weeks a year looking for things.
The symbol on the pound key (#) is called an octothorpe..
The dot over the letter i is called a tittle.
Ingrown toenails are hereditary.
Underground is the only word in the English language that begins and ends with the letters und
The longest word in the English language, according to the Oxford English Dictionary, is: pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis.
The longest place-name still in use is: Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiakitnatahu, a New Zealand hill.
An ostrichs eye is bigger than its brain.
Alfred Hitchcock didnt have a belly button. It was eliminated when he was sewn up after surgery.
Telly Savalas and Louis Armstrong died on their birthdays.
Donald Ducks middle name is Fauntleroy.
The muzzle of a lion is like a fingerprint  no two lions have the same pattern of whiskers.
Steely Dan got their name from a sexual device depicted in the book The Naked Lunch.
The Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them; a fully ripened cranberry can be dribbled like a basketball.
The male gypsy moth can smell the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away.
The letters KGB stand for Komitet Gosudarstvennoy Bezopasnosti.
The word dexter whose meaning refers to the right hand is typed with only the left hand.
To testify was based on men in the Roman court swearing to a statement made by swearing on their testicles.
Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order, as does arsenious, meaning containing arsenic.
The word Checkmate in chess comes from the Persian phrase Shah Mat, which means the king is dead.
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses. No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
Two-thirds of the worlds eggplant is grown in New Jersey.
Giraffes have no vocal cords.
The pupils of a goats eyes are square.
Van Gogh only sold one painting when he was alive.
A standard slinky measures 87 feet when stretched out.
The highest per capita Jell-O comsumption in the US is Des Moines.
If a rooster cant fully extend its neck, it cant crow.
There were always 56 curls in Shirley Temples hair.
The eyes of a donkey are positioned so that it can see all four feet at all times.
Worcestershire sauce in essentially an Anchovy Ketchup.
Rhode Island is the only state which the hammer throw is a legal high school sport.
The average lifespan of an eyelash is five months.
A spider has transparent blood.
Every acre of American crops harvested contains 100 pounds of insects.
Prince Charles is an avid collecter of toilet seats.
The most common street name in the U.S. is Second Street.
Tehran is the most expensive city on earth.
The sweat drops drawn in cartoon comic strips are called pleuts.
Babies are most likely to be born on Tuesdays.
The HyperMart outside of Garland Texas has 58 check-outs.
The Minneapolis phone book has 21 pages of Andersons.
In the 1980s American migraines increased by 60%.
Poland is the stolen car capital of the world.
Jefferson invented the dumbwaiter, the monetary system, and the folding attic ladder.
The S in Harry S. Truman did not stand for anything.
In Miconesia, coins are 12 feet across.
A horse can look forward with one eye and back with the other.
Shakespeare is quoted 33,150 times in the Oxford English dictionary.
The word Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell.
NBA superstar Michael Jordan was originally cut from his high school basketball team.
You spend 7 years of your life in the bathroom.
A family of 26 could go to the movies in Mexico city for the price of one in Tokyo.
10,000 Dutch cows pass through the Amsterdam airport each year.
Approximately every seven minutes of every day, someone in an aerobics class pulls their hamstring.
Simplistic passwords contribute to over 80% of all computer password break-ins.
The top 3 health-related searches on the Internet are (in this order): Depression, Allergies, & Cancer.
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin.
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are fifty years of age or older.
The first owner of the Marlboro company died of lung cancer.
All US Presidents have worn glasses; some just didnt like being seen wearing them in public.
Mosquito repellents dont repel. They hide you. The spray blocks the mosquitos sensors so they dont know youre there.
Walt Disney was afraid of mice.
The site with the highest number of women visitors between the age of 35 and 44 years old: Alka-Seltzer.com
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache.
Thirty-five percent of people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth are Marlboro, Coca-Cola, and Budweiser (in that order).
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a Friday the 13th.
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they can be easily confused at a crime scene.
The mask worn by Michael Myers in the original Halloween was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
Dr. Jack Kevorkian first patient has Alzheimers disease.
Fictional/horror writer Stephen King sleeps with a nearby light on to calm his fear of the dark.
Its possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs.
The very first song played on MTV was Video Killed The Radio Star by the Buggles.
Americans travel 1,144,721,000 miles by air every day
The the U.S. you dial 911. In Stockholm, Sweden you dial 90000
38% of American men say they love their cars more than women
The U.S. military operates 234 golf courses
100% of lottery winners do gain weight
Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers, and laser printers were all invented by women
Cats urine glows under a black light.
Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of Lorne Greenes Wild Kingdom.
Pamela Anderson Lee is Canadas Centennial Baby, being the first baby born on the centennial anniversary of Canadas independence.
Pinocchio is Italian for pine head.
When possums are playing possum, they are not playing. They actually pass out from sheer terror.
Whos that playing the piano on the Mad About You theme? Paul Reiser himself.
Most lipstick contains fish scales!
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesnt wear pants!
There are more than 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building!
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand!
The average American/Canadian will eat about 11.9 pounds of cereal per year!
Over 1000 birds a year die from smashing into windows!
The state of Florida is bigger than England!
In the White House, there are 13,092 knives, forks and spoons!
Recycling one glass jar, saves enough energy to watch T.V for 3 hours!
Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue!
Honeybees have a type of hair on their eyes!
A jellyfish is 95 percent water!
In Bangladesh, kids as young as 15 can be jailed for cheating on their finals!
The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs!
Q is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear in the name of any of the United States!
166,875,000,000 pieces of mail are delivered each year in the US
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave
The praying mantis is the only insect that can turn its head
Daffy Ducks middle name is Dumas
In Disneys Fantasia, the Sorcerers name is Yensid (Disney backwards.)
In The Empire Strikes Back there is a potato hidden in the asteroid field
James Bonds car had three different license plates in Goldfinger
Canada makes up 6.67 percent of the Earths land area
South Dakota is the only U.S state which shares no letters with the name of its capital
The KGB is headquartered at No. 2 Felix Dzerzhinsky Square, Moscow
The Vatican city registered 0 births in 1983
Spain leads the world in cork production
There are 1,792 steps in the Eiffel Tower
There are 269 steps to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand while drawing with the other
Turtles have no teeth.
Prehistoric turtles may have weighed as much as 5,000 pounds.
Only one out of a thousand baby sea turtles survives after hatching.
Sea turtles absorb a lot of salt from the sea water in which they live. They excrete excess salt from their eyes, so it often looks as though they're crying.
Helium is a colourless, odourless, tasteless inert gas at room temperature and makes up about 0.0005% of the air we breathe.
Helium Balloon Gas makes balloons float. Helium is lighter than air and just as the heaviest things will tend to fall to the bottom, the lightest things rise to the top.
Helium Balloon Gas makes balloons float. Helium is lighter than air and just as the heaviest things will tend to fall to the bottom, the lightest things rise to the top.
Camels can spit.
An ostrich can run 43 miles per hour (70 kilometers per hour).
Pigs are the fourth most intelligent animal in the world.
Dinosaurs didn't eat grass? There was no grass in the days of the dinosaurs.
Dolphins can swim 37 miles per hour (60 kilometers per hour).
A crocodile's tongue is attached to the roof of its mouth? It cannot move. It cannot chew but its Digestive juices are so strong that it can digest a steel Glass pieces, etc
Sharks are immune to disease i.e they do not suffer from any Disease.
Animals are either right- or left-handed? Polar bears are always left-handed, and so is Kermit the Frog.
Paris, France has more dogs than people.
New Zealand is home to 70 million sheep and only 40 million people.
Male polar bears weigh 1400 pounds and females only weight 550 pounds, on average.
Bison are excellent swimmers? Their head, hump and tail never go below the surface of the water.
There are 6 to 14 frogs species in the world that have no tongues. One of these is the African dwarf frog.
A frog named Santjie, who was in a frog derby in South Africa jumped 33 feet 5.5 inches.
The longest life span of a frog was 40 years
The eyes of a frog flatten down when it swallows its prey
The name `India' is derived from the River Indus
The Persian invaders converted it into Hindu. The name `Hindustan' combines Sindhu and Hindu and thus refers to the land of the Hindus.
Chess was invented in India.
The' place value system' and the 'decimal system' were developed in 100 BC in India.
The game of snakes & ladders was created by the 13th century poet saint Gyandev. It was originally called 'Mokshapat.' The ladders in the game represented and the snakes indicated vices.
India has the most post offices in the world
'Navigation' is derived from the Sanskrit word NAVGATIH
The word navy is also derived from the Sanskrit word 'Nou'.
Until 1896, India was the only source for diamonds to the world
The' place value system' and the 'decimal system' were developed in 100 BC in India.
A snail can sleep for 3 years.
The names of the continents all end with the same letter with which they start
Twenty-Four- Karat Gold is not pure gold since there is a small amount of copper in it. Absolutely pure gold is so soft that it can be molded with the hands.
Electricity doesn't move through a wire but through a field around the wire.
The first bicycle that was made in 1817 by Baron von Drais didn't have any pedals? People walked it along
The first steam powered train was invented by Robert Stephenson. It was called the Rocket.
A cheetah does not roar like a lion - it purrs like a cat (meow).
The original name for the butterfly was 'flutterby'
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Ants don't sleep.
Dolphins usually live up to about twenty years, but have been known to live for about forty.
Dolphins sleep in a semi-alert state by resting one side of their brain at a time
A dolphin can hold its breath for 5 to 8 minutes at a time
Bats can detect warmth of an animal from about 16 cm away using its "nose-leaf".
Bats can also find food up to 18 ft. away and get information about the type of insect using their sense of echolocation.
The eyes of the chameleon can move independently & can see in two different directions at the same time.
Cockroach: Can detect movement as small as 2,000 times the diameter of a hydrogen atom.
Dragonfly: Eye contains 30,000 lenses.
Pig's Tongue contains 15,000 taste buds. For comparison, the human tongue has 9,000 taste buds.
The number system was invented by India. Aryabhatta was the scientist who invented the digit zero.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.
Earth weighs 5,972,000,000, 000,000,000, 000 tons
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
A duck's quack doesn't echo anywhere
Man is the only animal who'll eat with an enemy
The average woman uses about her height in lipstick five years.
The first Christmas was celebrated on December 25, AD 336 in Rome.
A Cockroach will live nine days without its before it starves to death.
A chimpanzee can learn to recognize itself in a mirror, but monkeys can't
A rat can last longer without water than a camel can
About 10% of the world's population is left-handed
Dolphins sleep with one eye open
Snakes have no external ears. Therefore, they do not hear the music of a "snake charmer". Instead, they are probably responding to the movements of the
charmer and the flute. However, sound waves may travel through bones in their heads to the middle ear.
Many spiders have eight eyes.
Birds don't sweat
The highest kangaroo leap recorded is 10 ft and the longest is 42 ft
Flamingo tongues were eaten common at Roman feasts
The smallest bird in the world is the Hummingbird. It weighs 1oz
The bird that can fly the fastest is called a White it can fly up to 95 miles per hour.
The oldest living thing on earth is 12,000 years old. It is the flowering shrubs called creosote bushes in the Mojave Desert
Tea is said to have been discovered in 2737 BC by a Chinese emperor when some tea leaves accidentally blew into a pot of boiling water.
A person can live without food for about a month, but only about a week without water.
Along with its length neck, the giraffe has a very long tongue -- more than a foot and a half long. A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue
Ostriches can kick with tremendous force, but only forward. Don't Mess with them
An elephant can smell water three miles away
If you were to remove your skin, it would weigh as much as 5 pounds
A hippopotamus can run faster than a man
India never invaded any country in her last 10000 years of history
The world's known tallest man is Robert Pershing Wadlow. The giraffe is 5.49m (18 ft.), the man is 2.55m (8ft. 11.1 in.).
The world's tallest woman is Sandy Allen. She is 2.35m (7 ft. 7 in.).
The only 2 animals that can see behind itself without turning its head are the rabbit and the parrot.
The blue whale is the largest animal on earth. The heart of a blue whale is as big as a car, and its tongue is as long as an elephant.
The largest bird egg in the world today is that of the ostrich. Ostrich eggs are from 6 to 8 inches long. Because of their size and the thickness of their they take 40 minutes to hard-boil. The average adult male ostrich, the world's largest living bird, weighs up to 345 pounds.
Every dolphin has its own signature whistle to distinguish it from other dolphins, much like a human fingerprint
The world's largest mammal, the blue whale, weighs 50 tons i.e. 50000 Kg at birth. Fully grown, it weighs as much as 150 tons i.e. 150000 Kg.
90 % of all the ice in the world in on Antarctica
Antarctica is DRIEST continent. Antarctica is a desert
Antarctica is COLDEST continent, averaging minus 76 degrees in the winter
Mercury is the closest planet to the sun and it doesn't have a moon. Its atmosphere is so thin that during the day the temperature reaches 750 degrees, but night it gets down to -300 degrees.
Jupiter is the largest planet. If Jupiter were hollow, you could fit 1000 earths inside! It is made up of gas and is not solid. The most famous feature on is its Red Spot, which is actually an enormous hurricane that has been raging on Jupiter for hundreds of years! Sixteen moons orbit Jupiter.
Saturn is a very windy place! Winds can reach up to 1,100 miles per hour. Saturn is also made of gas. If you could find an ocean large enough, it would
This planet is famous for its beautiful rings, and has at least 18 moons.
Uranus is the third largest planet, and is also made of gas. It's tilted on its side and spins north-south rather than east-west. Uranus has 15 moons.
Neptune takes 165 Earth years to get around the sun. It appears blue because it is made of methane gas. Neptune also has a big Spot like Jupiter. Winds on get up to 1,200 mile per hour! Neptune has 8 moons.
Pluto is the farthest planet from the sun... usually. It has such an unusual orbit that it is occasionally closer to the sun than Neptune. Pluto is made of and ice.
Just about everyone listens to the radio! 99% of homes in the United States have a least one radio. Most families have several radios.
Sound is sent from the radio station through the air to your radio by means of electromagnetic waves.
Every radio station has its own frequency. When you turn the tuning knob on your radio, you are choosing which frequency you want your antenna to "catch."
Mountain lions are known by more than 100 names, including panther, catamount, cougar, painter and puma. It's scientific name is Felis concolor, which "cat of one color." At one time, mountain lions were very common!
The large cats of the world are divided into two groups- those that roar, like tigers and African lions, and those that purr. Mountain lions purr, hiss, and snarl, but they cannot roar. They can jump a distance of 30 feet, and jump as high as 15 feet. It would take quite a fence to keep a mountain lion out!
Their favorite food is deer, but they'll eat other critters as well. They hunt alone, not in packs like wolves. They sneak up on their prey just like a cat sneaks up on a bird or toy- one slow step at a time. A lion can eat ten pounds of meat at one time! That's equivalent to 40 quarter-pounder hamburgers!
Queen ants can live to be 30 years old
Dragonflies can flap their wings 28 times per second and they can fly up to 60 miles per hour
As fast as dragonflies can flap their wings, bees are even faster... they can flap their wings 435 times per second
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day
Contrary to popular belief, the sky is blue when it's clear.
Humans unfortunately cannot breathe underwater.
Recent studies conclude that the earth is in fact, not flat but round.
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people
The elephant is the only mammal that can't jump!
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Women blink nearly twice as much as men
Honey is the only food that does not spoil. Honey found in the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs has been tasted by archaeologists and found edible
Coca-Cola would be green if colouring weren't added to it.
More people are allergic to cow's milk than any other food.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.
It's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
Some worms will eat themselves if they can't find any food!
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
Queen Elizabeth I regarded herself as a paragon of cleanliness. She declared that she bathed once every three months, whether she needed it or not
Slugs have 4 noses.
Owls are the only birds who can see the colour blue.
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end
More than 1,000 different languages are spoken on the continent of Africa.
There was once an undersea post office in the Bahamas.
Abraham Lincoln's mother died when she drank the milk of a cow that grazed on poisonous snakeroot
After the death of Albert Einstein his brain was removed by a pathologist and put in a jar for future study.
Penguins are not found in the North Pole
A dentist invented the Electric Chair.
A whip makes a cracking sound because its tip moves faster than the speed of sound
Alexander Graham Bell's wife and mother were both deaf
Cockroaches break wind every 15 minutes.
Fish scales are an ingredient in most lipsticks
Canada" is an Indian word meaning "Big Village".
259200 people die every day.
11% of the world is left-handed
1.7 litres of saliva is produced each day
The worlds oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old!
The largest beetle in the Americas is the Hercules beetle, which can be 4 to 6 inches in length. That's bigger than your hand!
A full-grown male mountain lion may be 9 feet long, including his tail!
The average lead pencil can draw a line that is almost 35 miles long or you can write almost 50,000 words in English with just one pencil
The Wright Brothers invented one of the first airplanes. It was called the Kitty Hawk.
The worst industrial disaster in India, occurred in 1984 in Bhopal the capital of Madhya Pradesh. A deadly chemical, methly isocyanate leaked out of the
Carbide factory killing more than 2500 and leaving thousands sick. In fact the effects of this gas tragedy is being felt even today.
Mars is nicknamed the "Red Planet," because it looks reddish in the night sky. Mars has 2 moons.
The penalty for killing a cat, 4,000 years ago in Egypt, was death.
95 percent of all cat owners admit they talk to their cats.
More cats are left-pawed than right-pawed. Out of 100 cats approximately 40 are left-pawed, 20 are right-pawed, and 40 are ambidextrous.
A cat can jump as much as seven times its height.
A cat cannot see directly under its nose. This is why the cat cannot seem to find tidbits on the floor.
A cat has 230 bones in its body. A human only has 206 bones.
A cat has four rows of whiskers.
A frightened cat can run at speeds of up to 31 mph (50 km/h), slightly faster than a human sprinter.
A cat sees about six times better than a human at night because of the tapetum lucidum, a layer of extra reflecting cells which absorb light.
A cat's whiskers, called vibrissae, grow on the cat's face and on the back of its forelegs.
Cat whiskers act as feelers or antennae, helping the animal to judge the precise width of any passage.
A cat will almost never meow at another cat. Cats use this sound for humans.
A cat will clean itself with paw and tongue after a dangerous experience or when it has fought with another cat.
A cat will spend nearly 30 percent of its life grooming itself.
A cat's brain is more similar to a human's brain than that of a dog.
Cats have 32 muscles that control the outer ear (compared to human's 6 muscles each). A cat can rotate its ears independently 180 degrees.
Cats can hear sounds as high-pitched as 65 kHz; a human's hearing stops at just 20 kHz.
A cat's normal pulse is 140-240 beats per minute, with an average of 195.
A cat's jaws cannot move sideways.
A cat's normal body temperature is 101.5 degrees F (38.6 C).
A cat's sense of taste is keener than a dog's sense of taste.
A cat's tail held high means happiness. A twitching tail is a warning sign, and a tail tucked in close to the body is a sure sign of insecurity.
A cat's tail plays a vital part in the cat's balance and in the "righting reflex" that allows it to land on its feet after falling from a height.
A cat's tongue is scratchy because it's lined with papillae-tiny elevated backwards hooks that help to hold prey in place.
A female cat can begin mating when she is between 5 and 9 months old.
A male cat can begin mating when he is between 7 and 10 months old.
A group of kittens is called a kindle; a group of adult cats form a clowder.
A large majority of white cats with blue eyes are deaf. White cats with only one blue eye are deaf only in the ear closest to the blue eye.
Adult cats with no health problems are in deep sleep 15 percent of their lives. They are in light sleep 50 percent of the time.
Cats are only awake 6-8 hours a day.
After being handled, cats lick themselves to smooth their fur and get rid of the "human" smell.
Cats have 30 teeth (12 incisors, 10 premolars, 4 canines, and 4 molars).
Kittens have baby teeth, which are replaced by permanent teeth around the age of 7 months.
Both humans and cats have identical regions in the brain responsible for emotion.
Multi-colored male cats are very rare. For every 3,000 tortoiseshell or calico cats born, only one will be male.
Cat families usually play best in even numbers. Cats and kittens should be acquired in pairs whenever possible.
Cat urine glows under a black light.
Cats are attracted to automobile antifreeze because of its sweet taste.
Cats are sometimes born with extra toes. This is called polydactyl.
The cat's front paw has 5 toes, but the back paws have 4.
Cats are the only domestic animals that walk directly on their claws, not on their paws.
Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.
Cats have AB blood groups just like people.
Cats can get bored. They show their boredom by excessive licking, chewing, or biting.
Cats can have freckles. They can appear anywhere on a cat's skin and even in its mouth.
Cats can learn tricks. They just sometimes choose not to.
Cats can see color. Studies have shown that cats can distinguish between red, green, blue, yellow, and gray.
Cats can see up to 120 feet away. Their peripheral vision is about 285 degrees.
Cats have 13 ribs.
Like birds, cats have a homing ability that uses it's biological clock, the angle of the sun, and the Earth's magnetic field.
Cats have a third eyelid, called a haw, that is rarely visible. If it can be seen, it could be an indication of ill health.
Cats have about 100 different vocalization sounds. In comparison, dogs have about 10.
Cats have better memories than dogs.
Cats have carpal pads on their front paws that help to prevent them from sliding on a slippery surface when jumping.
Cats have true fur, meaning that they have both an undercoat and an outer coat.
Cats lack a true collarbone and can generally squeeze their bodies through any space they can get their heads through.
Cats love to hear the sound of their own name and your voice, so talk to them often.
Cats must have fat in their diet, because they can't produce it on their own.
Cats only need a sixth the amount of light that humans do to see. However, their daytime vision is only fair compared to that of humans.
Cats purr at about 26 cycles per second, the same frequency as an idling diesel engine.
Cats scratch to shed the sheaths of their old claws.
Cat have 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Cats with white fur and skin on their ears are very prone to sunburn.
Cats, not dogs, are the most common pets in America . There are approximately 66 million cats to 58 million dogs.
The average cat consumes about 127,750 calories a year, nearly 28 times its own weight in food and the same amount again in liquids.
Each day in the US, animal shelters are forced to destroy 30,000 dogs and cats.
Ear furnishings are the hairs that grow inside a cat's ears.
Human painkillers such acetaminophen (Tylenol) are toxic to cats. Chocolate is also poisonous to cats.
A female cat may have three to seven kittens every four months. This is why population control using spaying and neutering is so important.
If your cat is in the habit of rolling over and exposing his stomach, you can be sure he feels perfectly safe with you.
In addition to using their noses, cats can smell with the Jacobson's organ which is located in the upper surface of the mouth.
In ancient Egypt, the entire family would shave their eyebrows off as a sign of mourning when the family cat died.
In general, cats live longer than most dogs. An average life span might be 12 to 14 years. Some cats are reaching 20 or more.
In relation to their body size, cats have the largest eyes of any mammal.
Stroking a cat can help to relieve stress, and the feel of a purring cat on your lap conveys a strong sense of security and comfort.
Owning a cat can increase your overall health and decrease the occurrence of high blood pressure and other illnesses.
Many cats are unable to properly digest cow's milk. Milk and milk products give them diarrhea.
Almost 10 percent of a cat's bones are in its tail.
More than 30 percent of American households have a cat as part of the family.
Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
Never pick a kitten up by the neck. Only a mother cat may do this safely.
Newborn kittens have closed ear canals that don't begin to open for nine days.
One litter box per cat, plus an extra box, is the best formula for a multi-cat household.
Mother cats teach their kittens to use the litter box.
The ancestor of all domestic cats is the African Wild Cat, which still exists today.
The average canned or dry cat meal is the nutritional equivalent of eating five mice.
The cat family split from the other mammals at least 40 million years ago, making them one of the oldest mammalian families.
The cat lover is an ailurophile, while a cat hater is an ailurophobe.
The cat was domesticated over 4,000 years ago. Today's house cats are descended from wildcats in Africa and Europe .
The catgut formerly used as strings in tennis rackets and musical instruments does not come from cats.
The color of the points in Siamese cats is heat related. Cool areas are darker.
Siamese kittens are born white because of the heat inside the mother's uterus before birth.
The declawing of a pet cat involves surgery called an onychectomy, which is the equivalent of cutting a human's fingers off at the knuckle.
The different types of tabby patterns that are seen in domestic cats also occur in wild cats.
The giraffe, camel, and cat are the only animals that walk by both their left feet, then both their right feet when walking.
The heaviest cat ever recorded weighed 46 lbs.
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.
The ancient Egyptians were the first civilisation to realise the cat's potential as a vermin hunter and tamed cats to protect the corn supplies.
Sir Isaac Newton is not only credited with the laws of gravity but is also credited with inventing the cat flap.
Cats can't taste sweets.
Americans spend more annually on cat food than on baby food.
In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
In Asia and England, black cats are considered lucky.
When a domestic cat goes after mice, about one pounce in three results in a catch.
Studies show that if a cat falls off the seventh floor of a building it is 30 percent less likely to survive than a cat that falls off the twentieth floor.
Most cats have no eyelashes.
The way you treat kittens in the early stages of it's life will render it's personality traits later in life.
A form of AIDS exists in cats.
People who are allergic to cats are actually allergic to cat saliva or to cat dander.
In ancient Egypt, mummies were made of cats, and embalmed mice were placed with them in their tombs.
In the Middle Ages, during the Festival of Saint John, cats were burned alive in town squares.
Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
When cats are asleep, they are still alert to incoming stimuli. If you poke the tail of a sleeping cat, it will respond accordingly.
The chlorine in fresh tap water irritates sensitive parts of the cat's nose. Let tap water sit for 24 hours before giving it to a cat.
Cats purr to communicate. Purring does not always mean happiness.
A cat is pregnant for about 58-65 days.
A cat's hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day.
A kittens eyes are always blue at first.
If a male cat is both orange and black it is most likely sterile.
There are tiny, parasitic worms that can live in a cat's stomach. These worms cause frequent vomiting.
Cats have 30 vertebrae - 5 more than humans have.
A cat's field of vision is about 185 degrees.
A cat has a total of 24 whiskers, 4 rows of whiskers on each side. The upper two rows can move independently of the bottom two rows.
A kitten will typically weigh about 3 ounces at birth. The typical male housecat will weigh between 7-9 pounds, slightly less for female housecats.
Cats take between 20-40 breaths per minute.
Cats lose almost as much fluid in the saliva while grooming themselves as they do through urination.
The domestic cat is the only species able to hold its tail vertically while walking.
Female felines are "superfecund," which means that each of the kittens in her litter can have a different father.
Cat saliva contains a detergent that keeps their fur clean.
Cats eyes don't glow in the dark; they only reflect light.
Cats born without tails genetically have a shorter spine and longer rear legs than other cats.
Cats eat grass to keep their digestive systems clean. The regurgitation brings up hair and other irritants.
Cats are able to hear sounds that move faster than 45,000 hertz. They could hear the sound of a bat.
There are approximately 60,000 hairs per square inch on the back of a cat and about 120,000 per square inch on its underside.
The largest cat breed is the Ragdoll. Males weigh 12-20 pounds, with females weighing 10-15 pounds.
The smallest cat breed is the Singapura. Males weigh about 6 pounds while females weigh about 4 pounds.
Cats don't see "detail" very well. To them, their person may appear hazy when standing in front of them.
Kittens begin dreaming at just over one week old.
If an overweight cat's "sides" stick out further than her whiskers, she will lose her sense of perception and stability.
Every cat's nose pad is unique, and no two nose prints are the same.
About 37 percent of American homes today have at least 1 cat.
The catnip plant contains an oil called hepetalactone which does for cats what marijuana does to some people. Catnip is non-addictive.
Not every cat gets "high" from catnip. If the cat doesn't have a specific gene, it won't react (about 20 percent do not have the gene).
When well treated, a cat can live twenty or more years.
Cats are subject to gum disease and to dental caries. They should have their teeth cleaned by the vet or the cat dentist once a year.
Cats can get tapeworms from eating mice. If your cat catches a mouse it is best to take the prize away from it.
If a cat is frightened, the hair stands up fairly evenly all over the body.
Cats respond most readily to names that end in an "ee" sound.
A female cat reaches sexual maturity within 6 to 10 months.
A male cat usually reaches sexual maturity between 9 and 12 months.
A cat will tremble or shiver when it is in extreme pain.
The average lifespan of an outdoor-only (feral and non-feral) is about 3 years; an indoor-only cat can live 16 years and longer.
Cats with long, lean bodies are more likely to be outgoing, and more protective and vocal than those with a stocky build.
A steady diet of dog food may cause blindness in your cat - it lacks taurine.
An estimated 50 percent of today's cat owners never take their cats to a veterinarian for health care.
Most cats adore sardines.
Cats respond better to women than to men, probably due to the fact that women's voices have a higher pitch.
When your cats rubs up against you, she is marking you as "hers" with her scent.
Cat bites are more likely to become infected than dog bites - but human bites are the most dangerous of all.
Don't be alarmed when your cats bring you gifts of birds, mice or other wild critters. This is a gift, and they do it to please you.
A smooth, shiny coat is the sign of a healthy cat.
A healthy kitten has clear, bright eyes and clean ears.
If your cat hides and then runs out and pounces on you, she is acting out her instinctive hunting ritual.
Cats lick people as a sign of affection.
Most lively, active kittens grow up to be friendly, outgoing cats.
A healthy cat's nose is cool.
When a cat swishes its tail back and forth, she's concentrating on somthing; if her tail starts moving faster, she has become annoyed.
Brushing your cat daily will cut down on hairballs.
If you do not respond when your cat talks to you, it will soon lose the urge to communicate with you.
Some cats, males in particular, develop health problems if fed dry food exclusively.
A little vegetable oil daily will help to prevent fur-balls and bring a shine to your cat's coat.
In multi-cat households, cats of the opposite sex usually get along better.
25 percent of cat owners blow dry their cats hair after a bath.
If your cat is near you, and her tail is quivering, this is the greatest expression of love your cat can give you.
"Sociable" cats will follow you from room to room to monitor your activities throughout the day.
The more cats are spoken to, the more they will speak to you.
Most cats prefer their food at room temperature.
A cat that bites you after you have rubbed his stomach, is probably biting out of pleasure, not anger.
It costs $7000 to care for one household cat over its lifetime. This covers only the necessities; the pampered pet will carry a higher price.
Cats lived with soldiers in trenches, where they killed mice during World War I.
Napoleon was terrified of cats.
Abraham Lincoln loved cats. He had four of them while he lived in the White House.
The cat family split from the other mammals at least 40,000,000 years ago, making them one of the oldest mammalian families.
Phoenician cargo ships are thought to have brought the first domesticated cats to Europe in about 900 BC.
Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.
The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
The first breeding pair of Siamese cats arrived in England in 1884.
The first formal cat show was held in England in 1871; in America, in 1895.
The Maine Coon cat is America's only natural breed of domestic feline.
The life expectancy of cats has nearly doubled since 1930 - from 8 to 16 years.
Cat litter was "invented" in 1947 when Edward Lowe asked his neighbor to try a dried, granulated clay used to sop up grease spills in factories.
Genetic mutation created the domestic cat which is tame from birth.
Cats can be taught to use a toilet, come, sit, beg, heel, jump through a hoop, play dead, roll over, open a door, shake, fetch and more.
A cat will not eat its food if is unable to smell it.
34 percent of cat-owning households have incomes of $60,000 or more.
32 percent of those who own their own home, also own at least one cat.
If your cat rolls over on his back to expose his belly, it means he trusts you.
Contrary to popular belief, the cat is a social animal. A pet cat will respond and answer to speech, and seems to enjoy human companionship.
Some cats will actually knead and drool when they are petted. The kneading or marching means that the cat is happy.
Unlike humans and dogs, cats do not suffer a lot from loneliness. They are far more concerned with territorial issues.
Hunting is not instinctive for cats. Kittens born to non-hunting mothers may never learn to hunt.
Cats are attracted to the cave-like appeal of a clothes dryer.
A cat will kill it's prey based on movement, but may not necessarily recognize prey as food. Realizing that prey is food is a learned behavior.
Most deaf cats do not meow.
In England, the government owns thousands of cats. Their job is to help keep the buildings free of rodents.
The word cat refers to a family of meat-eating animals that include tigers, lions, leopards, and panthers.
You can tell a cat's mood by looking into its eyes. A frightened or excited cat will have large, round pupils.
The cat's footpads absorb the shocks of the landing when the cat jumps.
Cats don't kill their prey with their claws, the claws are used to hold onto the prey, the teeth are used to kill the prey.
The claws on the cat's back feet aren't as sharp as the claws on the front feet because they can't retract into the toe.
Cats perspire through their paws.
Cats, especially older cats, do get cancer. Many times this disease can be treated successfully.
Some common houseplants are poisonous to cats, such as: English Ivy, iris, mistletoe, philodendron, and yew.
Though rare, cats can contract canine heart worms.
Cats think that humans are big cats. This influences their behavior in many ways.
Cats can be taught to walk on a leash, but a lot of time and patience is required to teach them.
A happy cat holds her tail high and steady.
Cats have individual preferences for scratching surfaces and angles. Some are horizontal scratchers while others exercise their claws vertically.
All cats have three sets of long hairs that are sensitive to pressure - whiskers, eyebrows,and the hairs between their paw pads.
When a cat drinks, its tongue - which has tiny barbs on it - scoops the liquid up backwards.
Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
If your cat pushes his face against your head, it is a sign of acceptance and affection.
Tomcats can mate at anytime, while quenns can only mate during a period of time called heat or estrus.
At 4 weeks, it is important to play with kittens so that they do not develope a fear of people.
Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
It is estimated that cats can make over 60 different sounds.
Cats often overract to unexpected stimuli because of their extremely sensitive nervous system.
Kittens who are taken along on short, trouble-free car trips to town tend to make good passengers when they get older.
Cats, just like people, are subject to asthma.
Since cats are so good at hiding illness, even a single instance of a symptom should be taken very seriously.
There is a species of cat smaller than the average housecat. Its top weight is 5.5 pounds.
A tortoiseshell is black with red or orange markings and a calico is white with patches of red, orange and black.
The Ancient Egyptian word for cat was mau, which means "to see".
Cats that live together sometimes rub each others heads to show that they have no intention of fighting.
Australia and Antarctica are the only continents which have no native cat species.
A falling cat will always right itself in a precise order.
It is believed that a white cat sitting on your doorstep just before your wedding is a sign of lasting happiness.
Cats are more active during the evening hours.
According to myth, a cat sleeping with all four paws tucked under means cold weather is coming.
The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
All cats need taurine in their diet to avoid blindness. Cats must also have fat in their diet as they are unable to produce it on their own.
Unlike humans, cats do not need to blink their eyes on a regular basis to keep their eyes lubricated.
It may take as long as 2 weeks for a kitten to be able to hear well.
Cats can judge within 3 inches the precise location of a sound being made 1 yard away.
A cat has approximately 60 to 80 million olfactory cells (a human has between 5 and 20 million).
Cats dislike citrus scent.
Cats lap liquid from the underside of their tongue, not from the top.
Domestic cats purr both when inhaling and when exhaling.
The ancient Egyptians were the first to tame the cat (in about 3000 BC), and used them to control pests.
In Siam, the cat was so revered that one rode in a chariot at the head of a parade celebrating the new king.
Female cats are "polyestrous," which means they may have many heat periods over the course of a year.
Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
Cats come back to full alertness from the sleep state faster than any other creature.
In an average year, cat owners in the United States spend over $2 billion on cat food.
Venus is nicknamed the "Jewel of the Sky." Because of the greenhouse effect, it is hotter than Mercury, even though it's not as close to the sun. Venus not have a moon but it does have clouds of sulfuric acid! If you're gonna visit Venus, pack your gas mask!
Tens of thousands of participants come from all over the world, fight in a harmless battle where more than one hundred metric tons of over-ripe tomatoes thrown in the streets.
Indonesia consists only of islands - 13,667 total
During World War II, the very first bomb dropped on Berlin by the Allies killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo
People who ride on roller coasters have a higher chance of having a blood clot in the brain
The tallest freestanding sculpture in the world is Chief Crazy Horse in South Dakota, USA
Marie Curie, the Nobel prize winning scientist who discovered radium, died of radiation poisoning
898 tornadoes were recorded to have occurred in the United States in the year 2000.
The word Popcorn is derived from the middle English word "poppe," which means "explosive sound"
The food that is digested in your stomach is called "chyme."
Alcohol beverages have all 13 minerals necessary for human life
The sentence "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog." uses everyletter in the alphabet. (Developed by Western Union to Test telex/twxcommunications)
The word housekeeping was invented by Shakespeare
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sportsgames (MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL) are the day before and the day after theMajorLeague All-Star Game.
In the great fire of London in 1666 half of London was burnt down but only 6 people were injured
Lack of sleep can affect your immune system and reduce your ability to fight infections
All dogs are the descendant of the wolf. These wolves lived in eastern Asia about 15,000 years ago
It is not possible to tickle yourself. The cerebellum, a part of the brain, warns the rest of the brain that you are about to tickle yourself. Since your brain knows this, it ignores the resulting sensation
Parma ham is only Parma ham if it is made in the Parma region of Italy. The British chain supermarket Asda, made and packaged its own "Parma ham" and was successfully sued by the real Parma ham people (Parma Ham Trade Association)
With winds of 50 miles per hour, The Statue of Liberty sways three inches and the torch sways five inches
A famous bullfighter, Lagarijo, killed 4,867 bulls in the 19th century.
Police detectives have used snapping turtles to help them locate dead bodies
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10
The national sport of Japan is sumo wrestling
The early occurrence of a fetus yawning is at eleven weeks after conception
In a month, a fingernail grows an eighth of an inch
Edward VIII did not officially become the King of England as he abdicated the throne to marry an American divorcee
The book "Little Red Riding Hood" was banned in 1990 by two school districts in California. They did this because in the book there was a picture of a basket that had a bottle of wine in it
The reason why golf balls have dimples on them is because it helps in the ball to move a farther distance by reducing drag
Americans consume the most peanut butter in the world
Celtic warriors sometimes fought their battles naked, their bodies dyed blue from head to toe
To make butter more attractive in colour, carrot juice was used by people in the Middle Ages
Early hockey games allowed as many as 30 players a side on the ice
Most fleas do not live past a year old
It takes seven to ten days to make a jelly belly jellybean
Some asteroids have other asteroids orbiting them
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the males head off
There is enough concrete in the Hoover Dam to pave a two lane highway from San Francisco to New York
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day
Every 238 years, the orbits of Neptune and Pluto change making Neptune at times the farthest planet from the sun
There is a certain species of kangaroo that is only 2.5 centimetres long when it is born
In a lifetime, the average house cat spends approximately 10,950 hours purring
The real name of Toto the dog in "The Wizard Of Oz" was Terry
Stannous fluoride, which is the cavity fighter found in toothpaste is made from recycled tin
It takes 12 honeybees to make one teaspoon of honey
Thomas Watson, who was the chairman of IBM in 1943 predicted that their would probably only be a world market for five computers.
The largest hamburger cooked in the world weighed in at 6,040 pounds
The first lighthouse was in Alexandria in 290 B.C
Heinz first started making ketchup in 1876 and the recipe has remained the same ever since
The largest wedding chapel in Las Vegas is the Viva Las Vegas Chapel, which can seat 100 people
The most popular name for a pet in the United States is Max
Spiral staircases in medieval castles are running clockwise. This is because all knights used to be right-handed. When the intruding army would climb the stairs they would not be able to use their right hand which was holding the sword because of the difficulties of climbing the stairs. Left-handed knights would have had no troubles, except left-handed people could never become knights because it was assumed that they were descendants of the devil
The largest shopping mall in the world is the West Edmonton Mall located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
The CN Tower located in Toronto, Ontario Canada took a total construction time of 40 months to complete at an original cost of $63 million
The 20th president of the United States, James Garfield, was able to write Greek with one hand and Latin with the other at the same time
The country of Andorra has a zero percent unemployment rate
In Los Angeles, there are fewer people than there are automobiles
A woman has approximately 4.5 litres of blood in her body, while men have 5.6 litres
In India, pickled ginger, minced mutton and a cottage cheese like substance are popular pizza toppings
Oral-B were the first toothbrushes to go to the moon when they were aboard the Apollo 11 mission
A maple tree is usually tapped when the tree is at least 45 years old and has a diameter of 12 inches
In 1998, a law passed in the U.S. state of Virginia allows drivers to keep their road kill, as long as they report it within 12 hours. updated
A language becomes extinct in this world every two weeks
An acre of trees can remove about 13 tons of dust and gases every year from the surrounding environment
The decomposition point of Olive Oil is 220 degrees Celsius
Ten radishes only contain eight calories
Annually a thousand people are killed by scorpions in Mexico
Every year, 100 million sharks are killed by people
Tug of war was an Olympic event from 1900-1920
Of all the countries, Brazil has the most plant species, with over 56,000
One female mouse can produce up to 100 babies a year
Impotence is grounds for divorce in 26 U.S. states
Women who are romance novel readers are reported to make love 74% more often with their partners than women who do not read romance novels.
The average lifespan of a human taste bud is ten days
The monogram "RR" for Rolls-Royce has never been altered, except for when Sir Henry Royce passed away in 1933. Then it was changed from red to black.
People with darker skin will not wrinkle as fast as people with lighter skin
Fido means faithful in Latin
Pebbles cereal was actually named after the shape of the cereal and not the Pebbles Flintstone character
A group of kangaroos is called a mob
Cat's urine glows under a blacklight.
Every three seconds, a new baby is born
More than 260,000 people have been killed by volcanic activity since 1700 AD.
The only predator that polar bears have are humans
Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight
The last land battle of the U.S. Civil War was fought in Texas
Annually 7 million tons of textiles and clothing is thrown out. Out of this, only 12% is used again or recycled
A scorpion can have up to 12 eyes
A snake charmer in Bangladesh once found 3,500 poisonous cobras and their eggs hidden underneath the floors of two suburban homes
The IRS employees tax manual has instructions for collecting taxes after a nuclear war
There are approximately fifty Bibles sold each minute across the world
The pectin that is found in apples aids in lowering cholesterol levels
Post-It Notes, which are adhesive notes, were invented while looking for a way to improve the acrylate adhesive found in tapes
Crayola Crayons currently has over 120 different crayon colours
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth
The width of a tornado can range from less than ten yards to more than a mile.
In Johannesburg, the average car will be involved in an accident once every four years.
The youngest actress to be nominated as best actress is Keisha Castle-Hughes who was nominated at just 13 years old
The Taj Mahal was actually built for use as a tomb
According to studies, an average roll of toilet paper lasts about five days in the bathroom
Almonds are members of the peach family
The oldest known disease in the world is leprosy
A fall of 30 feet can be survived my most cats
The largest member of the dolphin family are orcas
In 1477, the first diamond engagement ring was given to Mary of Burgundy by Archduke Maximillian of Austria
The hormone replacement drug "Premarin" is made from the urine of pregnant horses
TWIX Caramel Cookie Bars were first introduced in 1979
Nintendo was first establish in 1889 and they started out making special playing cards
People over the age of fifty will start to lose their dislike for foods that taste bitter
In Kentucky, 50 percent of the people who get married for the first time are teenagers
Elephants have been known to learn up to 60 commands
On average 1,668 gallons of water are used by each person in the United States daily
Copper is the second most used metal in the world.
Milton Bradley originally wanted to name the game Twister, Pretzel; but he could not since the name was copyrighted
According to studies, men prefer to have white bedrooms and women prefer to have blue bedrooms
If someone was to fly once around the surface of the moon, it would be equal to a round trip from New York to London
St. Patrick never really drove out any snakes from Ireland. This story was an analogy of how he drove paganism out of Ireland
Fat is important for the development of children and normal growth
The most common seasonings found in American homes are chili powder, cinnamon, and seasoned salts
People who have eaten beetles say that it tastes like apples
Montreal was named after a local mountain "Mont Royal."
Millie the White House dog earned more than 4 times as much as President Bush in 1991. And, rightfully so
In an average lifetime, a person will spend 4 years travelling in an automobile and six months waiting at a red light.
A small drip from a faucet can waste up to 50 gallons of water daily, which is enough water to run a dishwasher twice on a full cycle
Kotex was first manufactured as bandages, during W.W.I
The longest Monopoly game ever played was 1,680 hours long, which is seventy straight days
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C
Over 1,600 people in North America have been victims of trunk entrapment (being locked inside of a car trunk)
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair
In 1992, when EuroDisney first opened in France, the public beat some of the park characters because at the time most people had been against the park being built
A jiffy is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second. Thus the saying, I will be there in a jiffy.
There is a muppet named Kami that appears on the South African version of the T.V. show "Sesame Street" that is HIV-positive
There are approximately one hundred million people in the United States that have a chronic illness
The oldest working Post Office in the world is located in the village of Sanquer, located in the Scottish Lowlands. It has been operating since 1712
Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church
Approximately three jars of peanut butter are sold every second
In Australia, the average person uses 876 gallons of water daily. In Switzerland they use only 77 gallons of water per person daily
Every person has a unique tongue print
Hair will fall out faster on a person that is on a crash diet
In 1890, there was no sunshine for the whole month of December in Westminster in London.
Charles Darwin spent 39 years studying earthworms
The Boeing 737 is nicknamed the Fat Albert
Florida has twice as many lightning injuries and deaths than any other state
Chocolate can be fatal to dogs. Chocolate contains a chemical theobromine, which is poisonous to dogs
In China, there is a species of yam that is used to make a dye
Annually, approximately 46 millions Cokes, five million pounds of french fries, and seven million hamburgers are consumed at Walt Disney World Resort
The Chihuahua Desert is the largest desert in North America, and is over 200,000 square miles
Every continent begins and ends in the same letter. eg AfricA, EuropE
Baseball games between college teams have been played since the Civil War
The real name of actress Whoopi Goldberg is Caryn Elaine Johnson
Researches have discovered that eating five or more apples a week is linked to better functioning of the lungs
Boeing completed more than 15,000 hours of wind-tunnel testing on the first 747
The most popular ethnic food in the United States is Italian food
Parts of the Dead Sea Scrolls appeared for sale in the June 1, 1954 issue of the Wall Street Journal
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction
The YKK that you see on zippers stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushiki Kaisha which is the name of the founder of the zipper manufacturing company in Japan
The theme song of the Harlem Globetrotters is "Sweet Georgia Brown."
27% of female lottery winners hid their winning ticket in their bras
To lose one pound of fat, a person has to burn approximately 3,500 calories
In 1969, the American side of Niagara Falls was stopped completely for several months
The name for insect poop is frass
A can of Pepsi has 41 grams of sugar. This amount to about seven teaspoons of sugar
Montreal is actually located on an island
There are over 2,000 species of butterflies in the rainforests of South America
The world record for the number of body piercings on one individual is 702, which is held by Canadian Brent Moffat
Before toilet paper was invented, French royalty wiped their bottoms with fine linen
The earliest known example of an organized market for equities dates from Rome, second century B.C
There are over 2,000 different species of cactuses
Each day 400 gallons of recycled blood are pumped through the kidneys
Ten percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale ofvodka.
Apples, not caffeine, are more efficient at waking you up in the morning
Bananas were discovered by Alexander the Great in 327 B.C. when he conquered India
Levan, which is located in Utah, got its name from "navel" which is levan spelt backwards. It was named this because it is in the center of Utah
Approximately one out of four injuries by athletes involve the wrist and hand
Former U.S. President Abraham Lincoln suffered a nervous breakdown in 1836
Musk is extracted from the bottom of a civet, and is used as an ingredient to make perfumes.
The first human heart transplant happened on December 3, 1967. Unfortunately the patient only lived for eighteen days, succumbing in the end to pneumonia
In New York City there are 6,374.6 miles of streets
The sound made by the Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe is so loud that it can be heard 40 miles away
Ancient Egyptians used to think having facial hair was an indication of personal neglect
In Czechhoslovakia, there is a church that has a chandelier made of human bones
The largest hotel in the world is the MGM Grand, which has 5,034 rooms and is located in Las Vegas, Nevada
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets
The fleshy bulbs on each side of your nose are called the Alea (AY-lee) singular Ala (AY-luh)
Male koalas mark their territory by rubbing their chests on a tree. Male koalas have a dark scent gland in the middle of their chest
An octopus has three hearts
Roses generally need around 6 hours of sunlight to grow properly.
Buttermilk does not contain any butter, but is a cultured milk product which is usually made from fat free milk
Pineapples were first called "anana", which is Caribbean for "excellent fruit."
Human birth control pills work on gorillas
The tallest woman that ever lived was Zeng Jinlian who was 8 feet 2 inches tall of China. Shed died at the age of 17
An adult "Gold Frog" measures to be 9.8 millimeters in body length
Each day, anywhere from 35-150 species of life go extinct
Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the telephone, never telephoned his wife or mother because they were both deaf
Alexander the Great made his troops eat onions as he believed it would prove their vitality
Bill Russell was the first black head coach of a major league pro sports team
In 1945, a seven ounce bathroom cup was the first item Tupperware marketed
Central air conditioners use 98% more energy than ceiling fans.
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better
Everyday, U.S. business use enough paper to circle the Earth over 20 times
The Welwitschia plant can live up to 1,000 years
The dromedary camel can drink as much as 100 litres of water in just 10 minutes
According to the American Institute of Stress, job stress approximately costs the U.S. industry over $300 billion dollars per year
It takes 72 minutes for the restaurant at the top of the CN Tower to make one revolution
Coffee beans were chewed for more than 400 years before the first cup of coffee was brewed
All of the Peking ducks in the United States are descendents from three ducks and one drake imported to Long Island, New York in 1873
The first British ship to use the SOS distress signal was the Titanic
The Spring peeper (a frog) can survive the winter season with 65% of its body water as ice
Studies have shown that the scent of Rosemary can help in better mental performance and make individuals feel more alert
The search engine Google got its name from the word "googol," which refers to the number one with a hundred zeros after it
The Goliath beetle is about the size of your fist and can weigh as much as 3-4 ounces
If you fart consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create explosion that is equal to an atomic bomb
Humans have about the same number of hair follicles as a chimpanzee has
Studies indicate that listening to music is good for digestion
The Chihuahua was named after the Mexican state where they were discovered
There are no snakes in New Zealand
The most popular grown bulbs are tulips
Every day the human stomach produces about 2 liters of hydrochloric acid
The country of Bolivia is named after a fighter Simon Bolivar
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite
The first state to give the right to women to vote was Wyoming
In 1949 UNICEF produced the first charity Christmas card. The picture shown on the card was painted by a seven year old girl
Archeologists report that cannabis was most likely the first plant cultivated by humans. Cannabis was used for linen, paper, and garments
The garfish has green bones
Women who drink more than two cups of coffee a day have a higher chance of developing osteoporosis
The banana was officially introduced in 1876 in the U.S. at the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition. The bananas were wrapped in tinfoil and were sold for 10 cents each
A yawn usually lasts for approximately six seconds
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married
The food that people crave the most is cheese
Every day more money is printed for Monopoly than the US Treasury
The only animal, besides humans that can get leprosy is the Armadillo
In 1894, the carnival made its debut in North America
The artist Vincent Van Gogh sliced part of his ear off in madness
According to Scientists, vampire bat saliva is the best known medicine for keeping blood from clotting.
People from North America prefer pickles with warts, where as Europeans prefer pickles with no warts
People that suffer from gum disease are twice as likely to have a stroke or heart attack
Close to 50% of the water used in a home originates from the bathroom
After the Krakatoa volcano eruption in 1883 in Indonesia, many people reported that, because of the dust, the sunset appeared green and the moon blue. The moon was said to appear blue for almost two years.
The country with the highest consumption of chocolate per capita is Switzerland, with 22 pounds per person, per year
In China, September 20 is "Love Your Teeth Day."
Actor Richard Gere was considered to play the role of John McClane in the movie Die Hard. Bruce Willis played the part instead
The record for the world?s worst drivers is a toss-up between two candidates: First, a 75-year-old man who received 10 traffic tickets, drove on the wrong side of the road four times, committed four hit-and-run offenses, and caused six accidents, all within 20 minutes on October 15, 1966. Second, a 62-year-old woman who failed her driving test 40 times before passing it in August, 1970 (by that time, she had spent over $700 in lessons, and could no longer afford to buy a car)
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur
Left-handed people are better at sports that require good spatial judgment and fast reaction, compared to right-handed individuals
Half of a cup of figs will give you just as much calcium as half a cup of milk
A "hairbreadth away" is 1/48 of an inch
In 1281, the Mongol army of Kublai Khan tried to invade Japan but were ravaged by a hurricane that destroyed their fleet
Walt Disney was afraid of mice
Studies show that couples that smoke during the time of conception have a higher chance of having a girl compared to couples that do not smoke
The reason why some people get a cowlick is because the growth of their hair is in a spiral pattern, which causes the hair to either stand straight up, or goes to a certain angle
Approximately 50% of Americans admit they have ran a red light
In 1755, the first Canadian post office opened in Halifax, Nova Scotia. The fist Deputy Postmaster General was American inventor Benjamin Franklin who was later dismissed for sympathizing with the American revolutionary cause
Reno, Nevada is west of Los Angeles, California.
On average, 90% of the people that have the disease Lupus are female
Unlike other four legged mammals, kangaroos cannot walk backwards
The itch from a mosquito bite can be soothed by cutting open a clove of garlic and rubbing it on the bite
If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar
Most American car horns honk in the key of F
A superstition in baseball is to never lend your bat to anyone or you will be jinxed
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave
Penguins can jump as high as 6 feet in the air
In 1998, approximately 1.6 billion tree seedlings were planted in the United States. This amounts to about five trees per American
There are species of fish that can walk on land in search of water when its water source dries up. Some can survive as long as three days on land such as the snakehead fish
Racecar driver Lee Petty once left a pitstop and did a full lap at Nascar with a pit crew member still on the hood
The first fashion house to be set up was in 1858 by Charles Worth. He opened his store in Paris with the idea of having pre-made gowns presented on models to his customers
St. Patrick explained the Holy Trinity to King Laoghaire, using the shamrock to illustrate the trinity
More twins are born in the Western world than in the Eastern world
Nine egg yolks have been found in one chicken egg
The record for the longest Monopoly game played in a bathtub is ninety-nine hours
The flea can jump 350 times its body length, that is like a 6 foot-tall human jumping the length of 7 football fields
The 1988 move "Big" which was directed by Penny Marshall was the first movie by a female director to gross over $100 million domestically
When the Galileo Probe entered Jupiter's atmosphere, it was traveling at a speed of 106,000 miles per hour. This is the fastest impact speed ever achieved by a man-made object.
In 1972, a gorilla by the name of "Koko" was taught ASL (American Sign Language) for the deaf. By the year 2000, the gorilla could understand approximately 2,000 English words
3000 children die every day in Africa because of malaria
The reason why hair turns gray as we age is because the pigment cells in the hair follicle start to die, which is responsible for producing "melanin" which gives the hair colour
Approximately 125 people die in the United States from an anaphylaxis to foods each year
The word "vamp" is used to describe the upper front top of a shoe
Construction on the White House began in October of 1792
A galactic year is 250 million Earth-years. This is the time it takes for our solar system to make one revolution around the Milky Way Galaxy.
Leonardo da Vinci was dyslexic, and he often wrote backwards
The male platypus has poisonous spurs on its legs
Polar bears can smell seal from 20 miles away
Canadians Scott Abbott and Chris Haney invented Trivial Pursuit. They were planning on playing Scrabble and realized that some of the pieces were missing so they came up with the idea of making their own game; Trivial Pursuit
On average, there is about three molecules of ozone for every 10 million air molecules.
A person uses approximately fifty-seven sheets of toilet paper each day
The Barbie doll has more than 80 careers
James Buchanan was the only unmarried president of the United States
The Stanley Cup originally was only seven and a half inches high
In 1991, during an attempted political coup on Russian President Boris Yelstin, food supplies had dwindled down at the parliament buildings so they ordered Pizza Hut to deliver pizzas
Some people drink the urine of pregnant women to build up their immune system
The five Olympic rings represent the five continents linked together in friendship
Ray Kroc bought McDonalds for $2.7 million in 1961 from the McDonald brothers
It is possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs
Shark cartilage has been used to make artificial skin for human burn victims
The first person to die in the electric chair was William Kemmler, an ax murderer from New York on August 6, 1890
Finland has 187,888 lakes and 179,584 islands
The average adult has approximately six pounds of skin
A crocodile can open and close its jaw but cannot move it side to side
There are over 1,000,000 swimming pools in Florida, eventhough the ocean is no farther than 80 miles away
99% of the blueberries that are produced in the United States are produced in the state of Maine
On May 9, 1999 approximately 600,000 gallons of whiskey flowed into the Kentucky River during a fire at Wild Turkey Distillery in Lawrenceburg
Thomas Jefferson had three achievements placed on his headstone at his request, "Here Was Buried Thomas Jefferson/Author Of The Declaration Of American Independence/Of The Statute Of Virginia For Religious Freedom/And Father Of The University of Virginia.? He never mentioned being President of the United States
Humans and cows have the same gestation period, which is about nine months
In the Victoria era, red tulips were a declaration of love
The sport Lacrosse was initially played by Native American Indians. They played the sport to prepare for war
It takes a sloth up to six days to digest the food it eats
According to Scandinavian traditions, if a boy and girl eat from the same loaf of bread, they are bound to fall in love
In 1796, Napoleon was only 26 years old when he took command of the French Army of Italy
A bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed every animal in the Berlin Zoo except the elephant, which escaped and roamed the city. When a Russian commander saw hungry Germans chasing the elephant and trying to kill it, he ordered his troops to protect it and shoot anyone who tried to kill it
The expression "Tying the Knot" comes from an old Roman custom where the brides clothes were tied up all in knots and the groom was supposed to untie the knots
Snake is a delicacy in China
In 1999, All Nippon Airlines, had one of its jets fully decorated with Pokemon characters from nose to tail on its exterior
The Dead Sea has been sinking for last several years
Uranus has 27 moons
Actress Sally Field was paid $4,000 a week for her role in the TV show The Flying Nun
More pollution is emitted from the average home compared to the average car.
The snow leopard protects itself from extreme cold when it sleeps by wrapping its 3-foot-long tail around its nose
Only 4% of babies are born on their actual due date
In the 1940s, the FCC assigned television's Channel 1 to mobile Services(two-way radios in taxicabs, for instance) but did not re-number theotherchannel assignments. That is why your TV set has channels 2 and up, butnochannel 1.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for approximately sixty-nine years
There are more Subway restaurants in Canada than there are McDonald restaurants
The CN Tower, in Toronto, is the tallest freestanding structure in the world with a height of about 553 metres
The term "the whole 9 yards" came from W.W.II fighter pilots in the South Pacific. When arming their airplanes on the ground, the .50 caliber machine gun ammo belts measured exactly 27 feet, before being loaded into the fuselage. If the pilots fired all their ammo at a target, it got "the whole 9 yards."
Construction on the Leaning Tower of Pisa began on August 9th, 1173
President Lyndon Johnson used to smoke three packs of cigarettes a day
The Tibetan name for Mount Everest is Chomolungma
The word "laser" stands for "Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission by radiation."
In a lifetime, on average a honey bee produces 1/12th of a teaspoon of honey
There are 315 species of parrot in the world
The TV show Doctor Who, when it was popular, had an audience of 110 million people
The cost to build the Empire State Building was $40,948,900
A person who smokes a pack of cigarettes a day will on average lose two teeth every ten years
Wasps that feed on ferment occasionally get drunk and pass out
The largest cereal company in the world is Quaker Oats, located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, USA
The first Olympic games only had one event - a foot race
Colonel Sanders traveled over 250,000 miles a year visiting various parts of his Kentucky Fried Chicken Empire
Some desert snails have been known to sleep for three to four years
Over 80% of the brain is water
From the age of thirty, humans gradually begin to shrink in size
Jackrabbits can reach a speed of fifty miles per hour and can leap as far as twenty feet
There are 40 official jelly belly flavours
Early sewing machines were destroyed by mobs or workers who felt their jobs were threatened by automation
In 1992, the Antarctic Ozone hole was larger than the continent of North America.
Someone gets divorced every ten to thirteen seconds
There is a certain type of Hawk Moth caterpillar from Brazil that inflates its thorax, which makes its head look like a head of a snake when it feels it is in danger or alarmed
The CIA has made a disk camera that is as big as a quarter. This gadget can take many pictures at a time when the disk is opened.
The Sanskrit word for "war" means "desire for more cows."
In Hong Kong, delivery times are primarily influenced by traffic conditions on elevators. It often takes drivers longer to travel vertically than horizontally, as access to elevators is so congested during "high peak" hours. This is due to the volume of people residing in high rises
The ancient Greeks had a fascination with the planet Mars. They attributed the planet to Ares, their god of war, because of its red colour
The only lizard that has a voice is the Gecko
In Israel, religious law forbids picking your nose on Sabbath
In twins, there is a great chance that one will be left handed
In the 1920's, Q-Tips were invented by Leo Gerstenzang who got the idea after watching his wife clean their baby's ears with cotton stuck onto a toothpick.
In the Pacific Islands when people get burns they often use a banana leaf as treatment
Acorns were used as a coffee substitute during the American Civil War
An airplane mechanic invented Slinky while he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use for the springs. Barbie was invented by Ruth Handler after watching her daughter play with baby dolls imagining then in grown up roles
When the female grasshopper lays eggs, she covers her eggs with a pasty liquid that protects the eggs throughout the winter
The longest recorded duration of a total solar eclipse was 7.5 minutes.
On average, an American makes three pounds of garbage in a day
Even if you eat food standing on your head, the food will still end up in your stomach
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed
Apple seeds are poisonous as they contain a cyanide compound
The word breakfast was coined due to the fact that after sleeping for hours, we are "breaking our fast."
The cardigan was originally made to be a military jacket made of knitted wool
The month of December is the most popular month for weddings in the Philippines
The deepest cave in the world is the "Lamprechtsofen-Vogelshacht" cave which can be found in Salzburg, Austria. The cave is 5,354 feet deep
The capital of Vermont, Montpelier is the only state capital in the United States that does not have a McDonalds
The longest engagement lasted 67 years, and the couple ended up marrying when they were 82 years old
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears. never stop growing
Milk and cheese can aid in the reduction of tooth decay
On average, a strawberry has 200 seeds on it
Coconuts kill more people in the world than sharks do
The average person spends two weeks of their life kissing
Research has indicated that indoor pollution is 10 times more toxic than outdoor pollution
Eating a banana at night can help in falling asleep
The stapler was invented in Spring Valley, Minnesota.
The first television newscaster was Kolin Hager, who used to broadcast farm and weather reports in 1928
Pixie, a Siberian Husky, gave birth to 7 puppies, one of which was bright green
Back in 1953, it took 27 hours to make one Marshmallow Peep. Now it takes only six minutes
On average, an ear of a corn has 16 rows and approximately 800 kernels
The green ring that is formed around the yolk of eggs that have been cooked too long is formed by the chemical reaction from the iron in the yolk and the sulphur in the white part of the egg
The silk that is produced by spiders is stronger than steel
The first president to have a picture taken was John Quincy Adams
Some brands of toothpaste contain glycerin or glycerol, which is also an ingredient in antifreeze
1 in 2000 babies are born with a tooth that is already visible
It was during World War II that clothes with elastic waists were introduced. This is because the metal used in zippers was badly needed for the war
In 1902, the game table tennis was brought to the U.S. from Europe by Parker Brothers
Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes themlooks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
The fat from sheep, which is called tallow can be used to make soap and candles
Next to bone marrow, hair is the fastest growing tissue in the human body
Sigmund Freud had a morbid fear of ferns
When playing competitive darts the player must be 7 feet 9 1/4 inches back from the dartboard. Also the board must be 5 feet 8 inches above the floor
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak
Earthworms have 5 hearts
If all the gold sitting in the oceans and seas were mined, every person on this plant would get about 20 kilograms of gold each.
To make an espresso 42 coffee beans are needed
The oil that is found in poison ivy is called "urushiol."
Of all the days of the week, the most popular day for people to eat ice cream is Sunday
The first museum in Moscow that was set up in 1791 was the Natural History Laboratory at Moscow University. This later was changed to the Zoological Museum
A surfer once sued another surfer for "stealing his wave." The case was thrown out because the court was unable to put a price on "pain and suffering" endured by the surfer watching someone else ride "his" wave
Many people in parts of China eat insects. Some common insects are bean worms, scoprions, and locusts
The largest dog in the world is the Irish Wolfhound
Ernest Vincent Wright wrote a fifty thousand-word novel, "Gadsby," without any word containing the letter "e."
The projection light used for IMAX theaters can be seen from space.
The human liver performs over 500 functions
Ballroom dancing is a course at Brigham Young University in Utah
The word "maverick" came into use after Samuel Maverick, a Texan, refused to brand his cattle. Eventually any unbranded calf became known as a Maverick
Finnish folklore states that when Santa comes to Finland to deliver gifts, he leaves his sleigh behind and rides on a goat named Ukko instead
More than $1 billion is spent each year on neck ties in the United States
In the 18th century, potatoes were given out as a dessert. They were served in a napkin, salted and hot
The only poisonous birds in the world are the three species of Pitohui. The Hooded Pitohui from Papua New Guinea is the most deadliest out of the three
Pretzels were originally invented for Christian Lent. The twists of the pretzels are to resemble arms crossed in prayer
The American Airlines Center in Dallas has more toilets per capita than any other sports and entertainment venue in the country
After 8 months, babies are more likely to get a diaper rash
The first modern toothbrush was invented in China. Its bristles came from hogs hair or the mane of a horse that were then put into ivory handles
The New Zealand Kiwi bird cannot fly
66% of wedding cards are hand delivered by people
Heavier lemons produce more, and tastier, juice
The leading cause of poisoning for children under the age of six in the home is liquid dish soap
The same amount of calories are burned by doing 6 sessions that are 5 minutes each of an activity and doing 1 session of that activity for 30 minutes
General William Booth is the founder of the Salvation Army
Iguanas can stay under water for up to thirty minutes
The fastest flying butterfly is the Monarch, which has been clocked with a speed as high as 17 miles per hour
Egyptian pyramid builders used to eat a lot of garlic because they thought it would increase their strength
The average office document gets copied 19 times
In just the first 56 days of life, the larva of the polyphemus moth eats about 86,000 times its birthweight
Every hour one billion cells in the body must be replaced
American actor Jack Nicholson, and American singer Bobby Darrin were raised believing their grandmothers were their mothers and their mothers were their older sisters
The first Ford cars had Dodge engines
The average height of an NBA basketball player is 6 feet 7 inches
One in five Americans move homes every year
The chocolate chip cookie was invented in 1933
The capital of Burkina Faso is Ouagadougou
A catfish has about 100,000 taste buds
The Liberty Bell was the first mechanical slot machine, which was invented by Charles Fey, a car mechanic in 1895.
A Russian man who wore a beard during the time of Peter the Great had to pay a special tax
The silkworm moth has lost the ability to fly ever since it has been domesticated
The first cheerleaders in the U.S. were men
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the "General Purpose" vehicle, G.P
The odds of having quadruplets are 1 in 729,000
In 1965, the price for an issue of TV Guide was 15 cents
In 1565 In St. Augustine, Florida the first orange trees were planted
Nose prints are used to identify dogs, much like humans use fingerprints
In the United States, six tubs of Cool Whip, a brand of whipping cream, are sold every second
The most popular chocolate bar in the United Kingdom for the last 15 years has been Kit Kat
White-Out was invented by Bette Nesmith Graham, who is the mother of Michael Nesmith from the "The Monkees."
There are over 2,000 different types of cheese in the world
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world
Owls swallow their prey whole because they have no teeth. After approximately 12 hours they cough up the feathers, bones, and fur in a shape of a football pellet
Historically, a blue ribbon has been awarded for first prize
Seventy-one percent of households report they have at least one snorer. Forty-five percent of those surveyed admit they snore, 35% said their partner snores, 12% said their child snores and 9% reported their pet snores
The original meaning of the word grocer was referring to a person who traded food in wholesale. These people would usually sell in large quantities, or by the "gross."
Research indicates that mosquitoes are attracted to people who have recently eaten bananas
Actress Michelle Pfeiffer was the first choice to play Clarice Starling in the movie "Silence of the Lambs." She turned down the role because she found it too scary
The White House has 35 bathrooms, 3 elevators, 132 rooms, and 412 doors in it
Due to the deforestation of the forests in North China, over one million tons of sands blows into Beijing from the Gobi desert. It sometimes causes the sky to turn yellow.
Cows are able to hear lower and higher frequencies better than human beings
Approximately 60% of the water used by households during the summer is used for watering flowers, and lawns
The largest diamond that was ever found was 3106 carats.
In 1970, Chip maker Intel purchased a pear orchard to build their corporate headquarters on
The mating call of a male toadfish, who are underwater, is so loud that it can be heard by humans above water
The most popular jelly belly jellybean flavour is buttered popcorn
The Nike swoosh was invented by Caroline Davidson back in 1971. She received $35 for making the swoosh. The first shoe with the swoosh was introduced in 1972
Slaves under the last emperors of China wore pigtails so they could be picked out quickly
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out
Kiwis are the only known bird to have nostrils located at the tip of their beak
An adult esophagus can range from 10 to 14 inches in length and is one inch in diameter
A squash ball moving at 150 kilometers per hour has the same impact of a .22 bullet
Telephonophobia is the fear of telephones
The word alligator comes from the Spanish word El Lagarto, which means "The Lizard."
While still in college, Bill Gates and Paul Allen once built a special purpose machine called "Traff-O-Data." It was a machine that would analyze information gathered by traffic monitors. They never found any buyers.
The citric acid found in lemon juice is said to be able to dissolve a pearl
Robert Southey wrote the story "Goldilocks and the Three Bears" in 1834
The tallest woman in the world is American Sandy Allen who is 7 feet 7 inches
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first-class
Astronauts get taller when they are in space
Only 5 to 10 percent of cheetah cubs make it to adulthood
Dentyne gum was invented in 1899 by a druggist from New York named Franklin V. Canning
It takes about three hours for food to be broken down in the human stomach
When former Texas Governor James Hogg was on his deathbed he made a special request that a pecan tree be planted at the head of his grave instead of a tombstone. The governor passed away on March 2, 1906, which is Texas Independence Day. The pecan tree is now the state tree of Texas
In a year, there are 60,000 trampoline injuries that occur in the U.S
There is an organization called SCROOGE in Charlottesville, Virginia that stands for Society to Curtail Ridiculous, Outrageous, and Ostentatious Gift Exchanges. This was formed to keep gift giving affordable and simple
The first World Series baseball playoffs occurred in 1903
Archipelago is the word to describe a large group of islands that are located close together
The life expectancy of a garbage disposal is about 5 to 10 years
In the original movie "101 Dalmatians," there are exactly 6,469,952 spots on all 101 Dalmatians as they are shown in 113,760 frames of the film combined
The average North American car contains 300 pounds of plastics
A person who is a specialist in wine making is called an oenologist
You can only smell 1/20th as well as a dog
The number one cause of rabies in the United States are bats
The music for "The Star Spangled Banner" comes from a British drinking song named "Anacreon."
27 percent of U.S. male college students believe life is "a meaningless existential hell." (big surprise, eh?)
Close to fifty percent of the bacteria in the mouth lives on the surface of our tongue
Less than 1% of the women in the world will ever be able to wear a diamond that is the size of a carat or more
Ketchup originated in China as a pickled fish sauce called ke-tsiap
An ostrich's eye is bigger that it's brain.
In Britain, The Red Lion is the most common name for a pub
In 1997, the record for the highest skydive by a dog at 4,572 feet was established by a dog named Brutus
The majority of burglaries occur during the daytime when people are not home
Traditionally, wild cabbage was used as an aphrodisiac
Tiger Woods was introduced to golf at nine months of age by his father
A person will burn 7 percent more calories if they walk on hard dirt compared to pavement
It would take 29 million years for a car travelling 100 miles per hour to reach the nearest star
Blue Jays can imitate the calls of hawks
There are over three trillion craters on the moon, with some being having a diameter over three feet
In India, a 9-year-old girl was "married" to a stray dog, which tribal custom requires in order to protect a child whose first tooth appears on the upper gum
There is now an ATM at McMurdo Station in Antarctica, which has a winter population of two hundred people
In Canada, men are three times more likely than women to have seen a doctor in the last year
The most expensive spice in the world is saffron
In one night, an adult hippopotamus eats approximately 150 pounds of grass
The U.S. paid Russia $7.2 million for Alaska in 1867
Cows can detect odors up to five miles away
There are about 125 million multiples (twins, triplets, etc.) worldwide
Arthur Giblin was the inventor of the first "flushable" toilet
Consuming chocolate was once considered a sin during the 16th and 17th century. During that time it was provided in the form of a drink and since drinking wine during lent was a sin, so was drinking chocolate
Approximately 40% of the states in the U.S. have severe, or extreme pollution problems
Wendel Clark holds the record for the longest span between NHL All-Star appearances, with 13 years (1986-1999)
Ancient Egyptians believed that onions would keep evil spirits away
Dill seeds are so small that approximately 10,000 dill seeds would be required to make an ounce
To make one pound of whole milk cheese, 10 pounds of whole milk is needed
If all the insects in the world were put on a scale, they would out weigh all creatures
Women smile more than men do
A ripe cranberry will bounce. Another name for a cranberry is bounceberry
Termites work 24 hours per day -- they do not sleep
The Romans used to clean themselves with olive oil since they did not have any soap. They would pour the oil on their bodies, and then use a strigil, which is type of blade, to scrape off any dirt along with the oil
The act of stretching and yawning is referred to as pandiculation
In the 1960 movie "Psycho" by Alfred Hitchcock, chocolate syrup was used to show the blood in the shower scene
Carolyn Shoemaker, famous astronomer, has discovered 32 comets and approximately 300 asteroids
The longest fangs of a snake are found on the Gaboon Viper (Bitis gabonica), and can reach over 2 inches in length
Once a human reaches the age of 35, he/she will start losing approximately 7,000 brain cells a day. The cells will never be replaced
The only king without a moustache in a deck of cards is the king of hearts
Approximately 100,000 people get married in Las Vegas each year
Amish people do not believe in the use of aerosal air fresheners
Coca-cola used to use the slogan "Good to the last drop," in 1908. This slogan was later used by Maxwell House
The blind cavefish is born with eyes, but they fall off as the fish grows
In ancient Egypt, Priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies including their eyebrows and eyelashes
The Indian election in 1984 was the largest election of any country. Over 379,000,000 voters were eligible to vote at over 480,000 polling stations
A single chocolate chip gives enough energy to a human being to walk 150 feet
There are 54 bones in your hands including the wrists
The name for Oz in "The Wizard of Oz" was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z, hence "Oz."
The town of Churchill, Manitoba, located in Canada, is known as the "Polar Bear Capital of the World"
Amtrak is the combination of the words "American" and "Track"
On average, an American relocates 11 times in their life
Fires onland generally move faster uphill than downhill
The cartoon character Popeye was actually based on a real person named Frank "Rocky" Fiegel who was a tough guy who was quite similar to Popeye physically
Frisbee got its name from William Russel Frisbee, who was a pie baker. He used to sell his pies in a thin tin pan, which had Frisbee written on it. When Walter Frederick Morrison thought of the idea of making saucer like disks to play catch, he visited the campus of Yale and noticed people there were using the pie pan to play catch so he therefore renamed his invention to Frisbee
Some arthritis medications contain gold salts, which is used as an anti-inflammatory
Lemon juice can aid in reducing the swelling caused by insect bites
LSD is made from lysergic acid, which is found in ergot, a type of fungus
DC-10, the name of an airplane stands for "Douglas Commercial."
In approximately 18 months, the papaya tree can grow to be 20 feet tall
Parrots cannot eat chocolate because it is poisonous to their body
Americans are responsible for generating roughly 20% percent of the garbage in the world
Termites are roasted and eaten like popcorn in South Africa
The official state tree of Illinois is The White Oak
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year'ssupply of footballs.
In 1971, the postal code was introduced in Ottawa, Ontario
The tridacna clam can grow up to four feet long and weigh up to 500 pounds
The state that has the most diners in the world is New Jersey, which is referred to as the "Diner Capital of the World."
Approximately 1-2 calorie are burned a minute while watching T.V
The first recipe for a lasagna type dish was found to be from a British cookbook in the 14th century. Therefore, Italians were not the first ones to come up with the popular dish as believed
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older
If an identical twin grows up without having a certain tooth, the other twin will most likely also grow up with that tooth missing
Albert Einstein was offered the presidency of Israel in 1952, but he declined
According to legend, tea originated in China when tea leaves accidentally blew into a pot of boiling water
When you sneeze, all your bodily functions momentarily stop, including your heart
Kite flying is a professional sport in Thailand
Urine from men?s public urinals was sold as a commodity in Ancient Rome. It was used as a dye and for making clothes hard
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5.00 bill
1 out of 350,000 Americans get electrocuted in their life
New Mexico is known as the "Land of Enchantment."
In 1890, Scott Paper produced the first toilet paper to be available on a roll
An elephant in the wild can eat anywhere from 100 - 1000 pounds of vegetation in a 16 hour period
Some of the other names that were thought of for the dwarfs in the Disney movie "Snow White" were Awful, Dirty, Shifty, Hotsy, and Jumpy
In the U.S., over 35 million people have used some sort of illegal drug in the last year
96% of candles that are purchased are by women
The oldest bird on record was Cocky, a cockatoo, who died in the London Zoo at the age of 82
A cow averages 40,000 jaw movements a day
The reason the soft drink Dr Pepper is called that is because the inventor Wade Morrison named it after Dr. Charles Pepper who had given him his first job
Annually 17 tons of gold is used to make wedding rings in the United States
Sex acts like a natural antihistamine, in can clear up a stuffy nose
Women on average live seven years longer than men do
A British term for slot machine is "fruit machine" or "one-armed bandit."
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin
Even though the rose does not bear any fruit, the rose hips have more Vitamin C than most vegetables and fruits
In 1946 Danon Yogurt were the first to add fruit to commercially produced yogurt in U.S
The first domain name ever registered was Symbolics.com on March 15, 1985.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first class
The first flavour of a cheese ball was called "Cheddy Blue."
Over 500 million gallons of Kool-Aid drink are consumed each year
The waste produced by one chicken in its lifetime can supply enough electricity to run a 100-watt bulb for five hours
Hydrogen solid is the most dense substance in the world, at 70.6g/cc
Missouri has been to most NCAA tournaments than any other college without reaching the final four
The hump of a camel can weigh up to 35 kilograms
Lake Malawi has the largest number of fish species in the world
The country of Fiji is made up of 332 islands
The first Labor Day holiday was celebrated on Tuesday, September 5, 1882, in New York City
The word "sophomore" means "sophisticated moron."
Jim Bristoe, an American, invented a 30-foot-long, 2-ton pumpkin cannon that can fire pumpkins up to five miles.
There are about 61,300 pizza restaurants in the United States of America
To tell if a egg is fully cooked or raw, just spin it. If the egg wobbles then it is still raw, and if it easily spins it is fully cooked
Used in art the word "sfumato" refers to the subtle blending of an outline by gradually blending one tone into another
There is a species of bird, Antpitta avis canis Ridgley, that barks like a dog
The flu pandemic of 1918 killed over 20 million people
Approximately 20% of Americans have a passport
The Nobel prize was first awarded in 1901
The reason why milk is white is because it contains a protein called Casein, which is white. Milk also contains fat, which is also white
After twenty-seven years, Betty Rubble made her debut as a Flintstones Vitamin in 1996
When telephone companies first began hiring telephone operators, they chose teenage boys for the job. They switched to women because the teenage boys were wrestling instead of working and pulling pranks on callers
In a lifetime, the heart pumps about one million barrels of blood
The Sears Tower in Chicago contains enough steel to build 50,000 automobiles
The first words that Thomas A. Edison spoke into the phonograph were, "Mary had a little lamb."
There are 400 species of bacteria in the human colon
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
In the 20th century, over three million people have died from earthquakes
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
People still cut the cheese shortly after death
In ancient Egypt, the only person who was allowed to wear cotton was the High Priest
Blueberries have more antioxidents than any other fruit or vegetables
The Mount Horeb Mustard Museum which is located in Wisconsin has the biggest collection of prepared mustards. They have approximately 4,000 different jars and tubes from all over the world
Bananas trees are not really trees. They are considered to be giant herb plants
Sponge Candy was invented in Buffalo, NY
When the volcano Krakatoa off the Java islands exploded in 1883, it was so loud that it woke some people up in South Australia
Pearls are rarely found in North American oysters
The average cocoon contains about 300-400 metres of silk
Lake Nicaragua boasts the only fresh-water sharks in the entire world
Boxing champion Gene Tunney taught Shakespeare at Yale University
The most popular pickle is the Dill pickle
Diabetes is the fourth leading cause of death in the U.S., accounting for about 180,000 deaths per year
Every year approximately 3,000 people choke to death
Cow is a Japanese brand of shaving foam
The fastest running bird is the Ostrich, which has been clocked at 97.5 kilometres per hour
When the divorce rate goes up in the United States, toy makers report that the sale of toys also rise
Q-Tip Cotton Swabs were originally called Baby Gays
The Pacific island of Tonga once issued a stamp that was banana shaped
A mole can dig a tunnel three hundred feet long in a single night
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher
The only commercial aircraft that is able to break the sound barrier is the Concorde.
U.S. Postal Service processes 38 million address changes each year
In 1984, Ronald Reagan declared the month of July to be "National Ice Cream Month."
The small intestine in the human body is about 2 inches around, and 22 feet long
In 1905, the first pizzeria in the U.S. opened in New York City
In the early nineteenth century some advertisements claimed that riding the carousel was good for the circulation of blood
For the blockbuster movie "The Terminator," O.J. Simpson was considered to play the role of the Terminator, but producers did not choose him as they thought he would not be taken seriously
The actor who played the T-1000 in Terminator 2 (Robert Patrick) and the lead singer of Filter are brothers
The sole purpose of a drone bee is to mate with the queen bee
There are more plastic flamingos in America than real ones
Walt Disney had a fear of mice
Cleopatra married two of her brothers
In an average lifetime, people spend four years traveling in cars and six months waiting for red light to turn green
At one time, pumpkins were recommended for removing freckles
In just one drop of liquid, 50 million bacteria can be present
The Montreal Canadians hockey team has won the most Stanley Cups with 24
Nylon is a man-made fibre that is made from coal and petroleum
When the First Lady, Eleanor Roosevelt, received an alarming number of threatening letters, soon after her husband became President at the height of the Depression, the Secret Service insisted that she carry a pistol in her purse
Swiss engineer George de Mestral, who got the idea after noticing burrs were sticking to his pants after his regular walks through the woods, invented Velcro.
Bees can communicate with other bees by dancing. Their dance can alert other bees as to which direction and the distance nectar and pollen is located
The steepest street in the world is Baldwin Street located in Dunedin, New Zealand. It has an incline of 38%
One billion pounds of pasta would need approximately 2,021,452,000 gallons of water to cook it. This is equivalent to 75,000 Olympic-size swimming pools
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously
The average Super Bowl party has 18 people
An ant can detect a movement through 5 centimeters of earth
One out of 200 women is colorblind
On average, the rainfall across the Amazon is 7 feet annually.
Passion fruits have a tranquilizing effect on the body
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky
A snail can sleep for 3 years
"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt"
There is a large brass statue of Winnie-the-Pooh in Lima, Peru
In 1982, Larry Walters tied 24 weather balloons to his lawn chair in Los Angeles and climbed to an altitude of 16,000 feet
Centuries ago in India, a person could get their nose chopped off for breaking the law
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in Jello
The total number of steps in the Eiffel Tower are 1665
The amount of blood a female mosquito drinks per serving is five millionths of a liter
An adult porcupine has approximately 30,000 quills on its body, which are replaced every year
The name for Ivory Soap was inspired by a verse from the Bible. Harley Proctor got though of the name when the minister read from Psalms 45:8, "All thy garments smell of myrrh and aloes and cassia, out of the ivory palaces whereby they have made thee glad."
A survey done by Clairol 10 years ago came up with 46% of men stating that it was okay to color their hair. Now 66% of men admit to coloring their hair
The name of the squiggly line "~" is called a tilde
In 1747, the first American mention of the Christmas tree occurred. However, it was a not a tree but instead a pyramid made out of wood and decorated with apples and evergreen boughs
There are more Barbie dolls in Italy than there are Canadians in Canada
The study of ants is called Myrmecology
In the United States, you are more likely to be killed by a bee sting than a shark attack
Coca-Cola was the first soft drink to be consumed in outer space
Frozen food can be just as nutritious as fresh food
Fourteen people die each day from asthma in the United States
The average amount of time spent kissing for a person in a lifetime is 20,160 minutes
The human body has approximately 37,000 miles of capillaries
The most expensive shoes in the world are ruby slippers located in Harrods in London, which cost $1.6 million, has a full time security guard. The shoes are made from platinum thread and has 642 rubies in them. It took over 700 hours to produce the shoe
Only 55% of all Americans know that the sun is a star
The city of Denver was originally chosen to host the 1976 Winter Olympics, but had to withdraw because Colorado voters rejected to finance it
The longest bout of sneezing recorded was by Donna Griffith. It began in January 13 1981 and continued until September 16 1983 and lasted for 978 days
The Taj Mahal, located in Agra, India, was actually built for use as a tomb by Mogul ruler Shah Jehan for his wife, Arjuman Banu Begum
In 1943, the July issue of "Transportation Magazine" had an article entitled "1943 Guide to Hiring Women."
Spotted skunks do handstands before they spray
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge
Scientists with high-speed cameras have discovered that rain drops are not tear shaped but rather look like hamburger buns.
Ancient Egyptian women used to wear perfume cones made of wax that would melt in the heat letting out a nice fragrance
Mardi Gras means "Fat Tuesday." This is the festival that New Orleans, Louisiana is famous for having every year
There was once a fish caught in Delaware Bay with a watch still ticking inside
In Singapore, it is illegal to sell or own chewing gum
During the female orgasm, endorphines are released, which are powerful painkillers. So headaches are in fact a bad excuse not to have sex
Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes
The nut "filbert" got its name from St. Philbert which is celebrated on August 22nd, which is also when the nut matures
Every time Beethoven sat down to write music, he poured ice water over his head
Some species of dolphin sleep with one eye open
The chewing gum Juicy Fruit has 10 calories. This is approximately the same as a bite of whole wheat bread
In ancient Egypt, doctors used jolts from the electric catfish to reduce the pain of arthritis
In order to scare away predators, Giant petrels, a type of seabird, throw up all over the intruder
Elvis Presley used to be a truck driver before he started singing
The average cow produces about 2,305 gallons of milk each year
Former U.S. president Ronald Reagan worked as a lifeguard in his youth at a beach near Dixon, Illinois and saved over 77 lives
In 2000, there were 1,579,566 drug arrests in the United States. Of those, close to half were for marijuana
Just like fingerprints, every cats nose pad is different
Popeye is 34 years old, weighs 158 lbs, and is 5 feet 6 inches tall
Researchers have shot footage of Orcas (killer whales) attacking and killing great white sharks
The three most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca Cola, and Budweiser, in that order
One bushel of wheat can make enough sandwiches that you could eat three sandwiches a day for over six months
In 1992, approximately 750 deaths occurred in the United States due to workplace violence
In the movie "Babe", the piglet was played by over 30 different piglets they outgrew the part so quickly during the production of the film
Research indicates that people prefer the colour blue for their casual clothing
The leading cause of deaths for children between the ages of 1 and 4 are motor vehicle crashes
The first toilet being flushed in a motion picture was in the movie "Psycho."
The human brain has about 100,000,000,000 (100 billion) neurons
One acre of wheat can produce enough bread to feed a family of four people for about ten years
Queen Victoria used marijuana, to help relieve menstrual cramp pain
On a ship a toilet is called a head
About 1 in 5,000 North Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue
Approximately 10.5 gallons of water is used in a dishwasher. Washing the dishes by hand can use up to 20 gallons of water
The thing that hangs from the top of the beak of a turkey is called the snood
Ticks can be as small as a grain of rice and grow to be as big as a marble
An American chews an average of 300 sticks of gum in a year
Most cows give more milk when they listen to music
Giant flying foxes, which are a type of bat, that live in Indonesia have wingspans of nearly six feet
Heavier lemons contain more and tastier juice
Since 1950, over 230 million eggs of Silly Putty have been sold
Oral-B is a combination of oral hygiene and the letter B, which stands for the word better
Frank Wathernam was the last prisoner to leave Alcatraz prison on March 21, 1963
A blink lasts approximately 0.3 seconds
In 1903 Mary Anderson invented the windshield wipers
Both Thomas Jefferson and Jimmy Carter, U.S. presidents, were peanut farmers at one time
A cow releases about 125 gallons of gas per day
The Apollo 17 crew were the last men on the moon
Spartacus led the revolt of the Roman slaves and gladiators in 73 B.C
The Mexican version of the Tooth Fairy is known as the Tooth Mouse, which takes the tooth and leaves treasures in its place
In a day the blue whale calf drinks approximately 130 gallons of milk
Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people do
All racehorses in the U.S. celebrate their birthday on January 1st
A person would have to drink more than 12 cups of hot cocoa to equal the amount of caffeine found in one cup of coffee
The oldest documented footwear found was a 8,000 year-old sandal found in a cave located in Missouri, USA
Broccoli was first introduced into France during the royal marriage of Catherine de Medici to Henry II of France
By federal law, for a noodle to actually be a noodle it must have 5.5 percent egg solids in it, otherwise it cannot be called a noodle
The first female guest host of Saturday Night Live was actress Candace Bergen
The human heart beast roughly 35 million times a year
People that use mobile phones are 2.5 time more likely to develop cancer in areas of the brain that are adjacent to the ear they use to talk on the mobile phone
Turkeys can have heart attacks. When the Air Force was conducting test runs and breaking the sound barrier, fields of turkeys dropped dead because of heart attacks
The act of sneezing is referred to as sternutation
The average medium size piano has about 230 strings
A study revealed that men that were born with a low birth weight were less likely to get married
It takes about 63,000 trees to make the newsprint for the average Sunday edition of The New York Times
On average, you would need 12.5 gallons of milk to make one gallon of ice cream
A leech can gorge itself up to a maximum of five times its body weight
There are places in Saskatchewan called Elbow, Eyebrow, and Drinkwater
A butterfly has to have a body temperature greater than 86 degrees to be able to fly
The beeswax that is produced by Honey bees comes from eight paired glands that are located on the underside of their stomach
People in low-income homes spend 50% more time playing video games than people in high-income homes
Lighthouse keepers were nicknamed "wickies" because they tended the lamps wick
Taco Bell serves over 35 million consumers each week in the USA
During the Roman times, people used urine, called lotium in Latin, as a hair product
There are approximately 90 people that have been frozen after their death.
The smallest will ever written was 3.8 cm in diameter. It had 40 words written on it and was signed by two witnesses
The length of a human esophagus is 25 centimeters
In 1942 the Jello company introduced Cola flavored jello, which only lasted a year
Males account for 60% of toy injuries that occur in the U.S
The company "Sony" was originally called "Totsuken." They felt the name "Sony" would be easier to pronounce. The name was invented by a cross between the name "sonus" and "sonny." The name sound and sonic are derived. Sonny was used to represent a young man or boy, which would show a energetic young company
The Red Cross is called the Red Crescent in Arab countries
The Olympics were originally held for the Greek god Zeus
The oldest inhabited house in Scotland is the Traquair Castle. The castle has had 27 kings as visitors
Four billion pounds of watermelon were grown in the United States in 1999
Wham-O manufactured twenty-thousand hula-hoops a day at the peak of hula-hoop popularity in 1958
JELL-O was declared The "Official State Snack" of Utah in January 2001
Elvis Presley was obsessed with brushing his teeth
When the Statue of Liberty was moved from France to the United States, 214 crates were used to transport it. The Statue was also reduced to 350 pieces
There are approximately 2000 thunderstorms that are active at the same time which results in 100 lightning flashes a second.
In-vitro babies are born in Australia more than any other country in the world
Uranus? winter and summer seasons last the equivalent of 21 Earth years
More people die from eating sharks then from being eaten by them. This is due to a poison in shark meat
The murder rate in the United States is about four times greater than in Japan. In Japan, no private citizen can buy a handgun legally
The rarest chocolate bar in the world is the Porcelana bar. There are only 20,000 of these bars produced a year, and they sell for $90 per pound
The reason why locusts swarm are because when they are in groups, a "hot-spot" behind their hind legs is stimulated, which in turn causes their destructive nature. A large swarm of locusts can eat eighty thousand tons of corn in a day
There are an equivalent number of cows and people in Friesland, Netherlands
Centipedes always have an uneven pairs of walking legs
A chicken once had its head cut off and survived for over eighteen months, headless
The largest diamond found in the United States was a 40.23 carat white diamond. It was found in 1924 and nicknamed the "Uncle Sam."
Following directions off the Internet and chemicals obtained from a mail order company, a team of U.S. scientists created an identical copy of the polio virus.
Every day, the Hubble telescope transmits enough data to fit 10,000 standard computer disks
The average number of people that go to a party for the Super Bowl is 17
The amount of Kit Kat chocolate bars that are made at the York factory every 15 minutes are enough to outstack the Eiffel Tower
The skin of a shark is made up of "tiny teeth" which are called dermal denticles
The strongest gust of wind was recorded at the Mount Washington Observatory on April 12th, 1934, and measured 231 miles per hour.
The company Chanel claims that every 30 seconds, somewhere in the world, a bottle of Chanel No 5 is sold
In their lifetime, house cats spend approximately 10,950 hours purring
The reason why bubbles are round is because this is the most efficient shape that the soap film can take for the amount of air trapped inside
It is very common for babies in New Zealand to sleep on sheepskins. This is to help them gain weight faster, and retain their body heat
From 1526 to 1707, the first six Mogul emperors of India ruled in unbroken succession from father to son
A one kilogram packet of sugar will have about 5 million grains of sugar
Bats emit ultrasonic sounds to communicate with each other
Rats can survive up to 14 days without any food
Canola oil is actually rapeseed oil but the name was changed in Canada for marketing reasons
Three consecutive strikes in bowling is called a turkey
In a year, about 90 million jars of Skippy Peanut Butter are sold. This works out to three jars sold every second
In a lifetime, an average man will shave 20,000 times
The Pentagon has 284 restrooms
From 1967-1976, the town of Tororo located in Uganda had thunder 251 out of the 365 days in a year for those years.
Children grow faster in the springtime than any other season during the year
Another name for licorice is "Sweet Wood" or "Spanish Juice."
The reason the Animal Crackers box is designed with a string handle is because when the popular circus theme was introduced in 1902 they thought it would also be a good idea to package them with a string as a Christmas novelty so they could be hung from Christmas trees
Sheep can detect other sheep faces like humans do. They can remember up to 50 sheep faces
The loudest insect in the world is the male cicadas, which are like crickets. When they rub their abdomens, the sound made can be heard from 1300 feet
Each year 96 billion pounds of food is wasted in the U.S
In the past 60 years, the groundhog has only predicted the weather correctly 28% of the time. The rushing back and forth from burrows is believed to indicate sexual activity, not shadow seeking
Pretzel snacks have been around for over 1300 years. A European monk invented the snack using used leftover bread dough
Sharks are capable of surviving on average six weeks without eating. The record observed in an aquarium is fifteen months by a species of shark known as the "swell shark."
The destruction of the Berlin Wall began when private citizens began to demolish entire sections of the Wall without interference from government officials on November 9, 1989
Most American women have their first baby when they are 24.3 years old
Frogs do not need to drink water as they absorb the water through their skin
A group of larks is called an exaltation
The Kool Aid Man used to be known as "Pitcher Man" when he was first introduced in 1975
Wheel of Fortune star Vanna White holds the record for putting her hands together approximately 140,000 times to clap
Men sweat more than women. This is because women can better regulate the amount of water they lose
Research has indicated that approximately eleven minutes are cut off the life of an average male smoker from each cigarette smoked
The triangular shape that Toblerone chocolates are packaged in, is protected by law
In 1945, the first "floating ice cream parlor" was built for sailors in the western Pacific. This "floating ice cream parlour" could produce ten gallons of ice cream every seven seconds
The formula for Coca-cola has never been patented
The average day is actually 23 hours, 56 minutes and 4.09 seconds. We have a leap year every four years to make up for this shortfall
Before its name was changed, the African Penguin used be called the Jackass Penguin because of its donkey-like braying call
During the high feeding season, it has been estimated that an adult blue whale can eat up to 40 million krill in one day. (Krill are shrimp like creatures)
Pound for pound, leopards are said to be seven times stronger than humans
One average, men spend 60 hours a year shaving
Botanically a rhubarb is a vegetable. It was changed to a fruit in 1947 by a U.S. Custom Court
Sawney Beane, his wife, 8 sons, 6 daughters, and 32 grandchildren were a family of cannibals that lived in the caves near Galloway, Scotland in the early 17th Century. Although the total number is not known, it is believed they claimed over 50 victims per year. The entire family was taken by an army detachment to Edinburgh and executed, apparently without trial
The movie that grossed the most money that was adapted from a T.V. cartoon is Scooby-Doo
There are five million scent receptors located in a human beings nose
When Coca-Cola was invented, American tourists that visited Spain were surprised to see that Coke was three times as expensive as a glass of brandy
Some silkworms can spin cocoons that contain more than two miles of silk
The mother of famous astronomer Johannes Kepler was accused of being a witch
At one time, Pumpkins were recommended for the removal of freckles and curing snake bites
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies
Approximately 200 pets are buried in a pet cemetery out of the thousands of pets that die each day
The average Hostess Twinkie is 68 percent air as measured by volume according to university researchers
In Haiti, only 1 out of every 200 people own a car. This is ironic considering approximately 33% of the country's budget on import is spent on equipment for fuel and transportation.
Every U.S. bill regardless of denomination costs just 4 cents to make
About 30% of American admit to talking to their dogs or leaving messages on their answering machines for their dogs while they are away
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why
Caterpillar means "hairy cat" in Old French
The ostrich has two toes on each feet which gives it greater speed
On September 3, 1970, a hailstone was found in Coffeyville, Kansas that was eight inches in diameter and weighed 1.67 pounds.
Honorificabilitudinitatibus is the longest English word that consists strictly of alternating consonants and vowels
It can take up to a month for a rattlesnake to re-supply its venom
Close to 3 billion movie tickets are sold in India every year
The word racecar and kayak are the same whether they are read left to right or right to left
There were approximately 2,228 people on board the Titanic when it sank. Of this, only 706 people survived
An elephant can live up to the age of seventy, or in some cases even more
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world
Elephants can't jump. Every other mammal can.
The name "cranberry" comes from German and Dutch settlers. The berry was intially called "crane berry." The reason it was called this was because when the flowers bloom, the petals of the flowers twist backwards and look very much like the head of a crane. Eventually the name was shortened down to be "cranberry."
In New Mexico, over eleven thousand people have visited a tortilla chip that appeared to have the face of Jesus Christ burned into it
On average, he ratio of yellow kernels to white kernals in a bag of popcorn is 9:1
The first toilet stall in a public washroom is the least likely to be used. It is also the cleanest
In 1955, only 330 Volkswagen Beetle's were sold at a price of $1800 each in the United States.
Printed on the tablet being held by the Statue of Liberty is July IV, MDCCLXXVI
The country of Fiji is made up of 332 islands
Orville Wright, a pilot, was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.
The first company to mass produce teddy bears was the Ideal Toy Company
Princess Anne from the British royal family competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics
Brazil produces the most oranges in the world
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
The eyeball of a human weighs approximately 28 grams
A human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20 seconds after it is been decapitated
Witchcraft means "Craft of the Wise Ones."
500,000 kids in the US live in same sex households
In July 1874, a swarm of Rocky Mountain locusts flew over Nebraska covering an area estimated at 198,600 square miles. It is estimated that the swarm contained about 12.5 trillion insects. These insects became extinct thirty years later
Tropical rainforests cover about 7% of the Earth and receive over 80 inches of rain every year
The feet have approximately 250,000 sweat glands
Approximately 7.5% of all office documents get lost
The desert tortoise can live without having to drink any water. It extracts the water it needs from the vegetation it eats
There were 13 couples celebrating their honeymoon on the Titanic
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball
Elvis Presley had a twin brother named Jesse Garon Presley who died at birth
Robert Wadlow is the tallest man recorded in history. He grew to be eight feet and eleven inches and weighed 490 pounds when he died
Bank robber John Dillinger played professional baseball
Research indicates that plants grow healthier when they are stroked.
France is known as the perfume capital of the world
According to psychologists, the shoe and the foot are the most common sources of sexual fetishism in Western society
Constipation is caused when too much water is absorbed in the large intestine and the feces become dry
One ton of grapes can produce 720 bottles of wine
Eating about twenty tart cherries a day could reduce inflammatory pain and headache pain
In 2001, the five most valuable brand names in order were Coca-Cola, Microsoft, IBM, GE, and Nokia
Milk chocolate was invented in Switzerland by David Peter in 1876
In November 1999, two women were killed by a lightning bolt. The underwire located in their bras acted as a electrical conductors, and when the lightning bolt hit the bra they left burn marks on their chest
Basketball was invented by Canadian James Naismith in 1891
Over 100,000 birds and sea animals are killed every year due to plastic garbage
The big toe is the foot reflexology pressure point for the head
85% of weddings are held in a synagogue or church
The sport of surfing originated in Hawaii
It is possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs
Before soccer referees started using whistles in 1878, they used to rely on waving a handkerchief
Tobacco kills more Americans each year than alcohol, cocaine, crack, heroin, homicide, suicide, car accidents, fire and AIDS combined
The best time for a person to buy shoes is in the afternoon. This is because the foot tends to swell a bit around this time
Dead cells in the body ultimately go to the kidneys for excretion
Americans, on average, spend 18% of his or her income on transportation as compared to only 13% spent on food
There are some species of snails that are venomous. Their venom can be fatal to humans
The first box of Crayola that was ever sold had the same eight colours that are sold in the box today consisting of red, blue, yellow, green, violet, orange, black and brown. The box was sold for a nickel in 1903
A turtle can breathe through its butt.
The rarest coffee in the world is Kopi Luwak, which is found in Indonesia. It cost about $300 a pound
The average America online user spends 70 minutes day online
People of Ancient China believed that swinging your arms could cure a headache
In 1938, Cliquot Club ginger ale was the first soft drink to be canned
The largest apple pie ever baked was forty by twenty three feet
Roughly 44% of junk mail is thrown away unopened
Catfish have tastebuds located on their whiskers
The laundry detergent Tide, has a market share of about forty percent market
A Canadian, Troy Hurtubise, spent $100,000 and almost went bankrupt building a RoboCop style suit so that he could withstand a bear attack
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca-Cola, andBudweiser, in that order.
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sports games (MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL) are the day before and the day after the Major League all-stars Game
In the United States, 8.5 million cosmetic surgical and non-surgical procedures were done in the year 2001
The Bible has been translated into Klingon.
Ian Fleming named his character "James Bond" after real-life ornithologist and author
Most dinosaurs walked on their toes.
On December 17 1991, the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Miami Heat 148-80, the largest margin of victory in an NBA game
There are mirrors on the moon. Astronauts left them so that laser beams could be bounced off of them from Earth. These beams help give us the distance to the moon give or take a few metres.
The U.S. army packs Tabasco pepper sauce in every ration kit that they give to soldiers
The trunk of an elephant can hold up to two gallons of water
Every year, an igloo hotel is built in Sweden that has the capacity to sleep 100 people
During the holiday season, approximately $220 million worth of Poinsettias are sold
A newborn kangaroo weighs approximately 0.03 ounces and is small enough to fit in a teaspoon
When Scott Paper Co. first started manufacturing toilet paper they did not put their name on the product because of embarrassment
The most senior crayon maker Emerson Moser retired after making 1.4 billion crayons for Crayola. It was then that he revealed that he was actually colorblind
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point inColorado.
Scientists have determined that having guilty feelings may actually damage your immune system
"Go." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language
There are more than 250,000 rivers in the United States, which amounts to 3.5 million miles of rivers
Forty-one percent of women apply body and hand moisturizer at least three times a day
Pretzel that have no salt on them are called "baldies."
The 1912 Olympics was the last Olympics that gave out gold medals that were made entirely out of gold
Monopoly is the best-selling board game in the world
There was a book written fourteen years before the sinking of the Titanic happened titled "Futility" by Morgan Robertson. This book was remarkably similar to the tragedy that happened to the Titanic in 1912
One ounce of chocolate has about 20 mg of caffeine in it
A giraffe can go longer without water than a camel
Vikings, after killing their enemies, used their skulls as drinking vessels
Studies have shown that classical music helps cows produce more milk
Two out of five people end up marrying their first love
The Hawaiian alphabet only has 12 letters
The name "Muppet" was coined by Jim Henson. The word was made from a combination of the word "marionette" and "puppet."
In the Sahara Desert, there is a town named Tidikelt, which did not receive a drop of rain for ten years
The Christmas season begins after sunset on December 24th and lasts until January 5th. This is also known as the Twelve Days of Christmas
Mosquitoes are attracted to the color blue more than any other color
In Italy, Santa Claus is known by the name Babbo Natale
Two objects have struck the earth with enough force to destroy a whole city. Each object, one in 1908 and again in 1947, struck regions of Siberia. Not one human being was hurt either time
When blue whales are first born, they gain as much as 200 pounds a day while they are calves
Families who do turn off the television during meals tend to eat healthier. This was regardless of family income, or education
About 25 percent of all the energy consumed in the US is from natural gas
American novelist Mark Twain was the first known author to submit a typed manuscript
If you fart consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the Summer Olympic games while hosting the event
The sound made by the toadfish when mating underwater is so loud that it can be heard by humans on the shore
In America, approximately 20% of children between the ages of 2 - 7 have televisions in their rooms
Traveling by air is the safest means of transportation.
In 1996, toy company Mattel released a "Harley Davidson" Barbie. This dolls distinctive feature is a birth mark on her face that changes position with every new release of the doll
The most common injury caused by cosmetics is to the eye by a mascara wand
There have been close to 200 coups and counter-coups in the country of Bolivia
On average, pigs live for about 15 years
Roughly 42% of people in the United Kingdom snore
No NFL team which plays its home games in a domed stadium has ever won a Superbowl
Beluga whales which are also called "white whales" are not born white. They are born grey in color, and by the age of six become completely white
Tiger Woods is the first athlete to has been named "Sportsman of the Year" by magazine Sports Illustrated two times
The eight most popular foods to cause food allergies are: milk, eggs, wheat, peanuts, soy, tree nuts, fish, and shellfish
Club Direct, a travel insurance company in Britain, provides insurance plans for protection from falling coconuts
There are some bananas that are red instead of yellow
Only one out of every three people wash their hands when leaving a public bathroom
570 gallons of paint would be needed to paint the outside of the White House
Baby robins eat 14 feet of earthworms every day
Every three seconds a baby is born somewhere in the world
The total mileage driven by all U-Haul trucks in a year is enough to move a person from the Earth to the moon five times a day for an entire year
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every fivemust be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips intimes ofwar or other emergencies.
Pluto was discovered on February 10, 1930 by Clyde Tombaugh
Termites have been around for over 250 million years
The average person changes their career every 13 years
The New York Yankees have appeared in the World Series a league leading 38 times and won 26 titles
Approximately 18 billion disposable diapers end up in landfills each year. These diapers can takes as long as 500 years to finally decompose
Over 4.5 billion sticks have Trident gum have been chewed. If the stick of gum were laid out end to end they could circle the globe approximately 1.8 times
Oak trees can live 200 or more years
The brain of an ant has about 250,000 brain cells
About 26 per cent of all indoor water used by households in Sydney, Australia are for laundry
A rainbow can occur only when the sun is 40 degrees or less above the horizon
If you spray an antiseptic spray on a polar bear, its fur will turn purple
Over $7 billion a year is spent on chocolates by consumers
During World War II, Russians used dogs strapped with explosives to blow up German tanks. They trained the dogs to associate the tanks with food and ended up destroying about 25 German tanks using this method
Butterflies taste with their feet
St. Louis, Missouri was the first U.S. city to host the summer Olympics in 1904
The phrase "rule of thumb" is derived from an old English law whichstated that you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than yourthumb.
Every year Alaska has about 5,000 earthquakes, 1,000 of which measure above 3.5 on the Richter scale
A fetus develops fingerprints at eighteen weeks
It takes about a half a gallon of water to cook macaroni, and about a gallon to clean the pot
The cornea is the only living tissue in the human body that does not contain any blood vessels
In the U.S. peanuts account for 66% of all snack nuts
There are approximately 7,000 feathers on an eagle
Sharks can sense a drop of blood from a mile away
As a defense mechanism, the North American Opossum closes its eyes and becomes totally limp. Basically it plays dead
The longest town name in the world has 167 letters
A sneeze zooms out of your mouth at over 600 m.p.h
A cesium atom in an atomic clock that beats over nine billion times a second.
The mythical Scottish town of Brigadoon appears for one day every one hundred years
Kermit the frog delivered the commencement address at Southampton College located in the state of New York in 1996
In World War II, the German submarine U-120 was sunk by a malfunctioning toilet
The phrase "Often a bridesmaid, but never a bride," actually originates from an advertisement for Listerine mouthwash from 1924
Over 50% of lottery players go back to work after winning the jackpot
The largest cultivated crop in the United States is corn
Walt Disney holds the record for the most Oscar nominations with sixty-four
On average, Americans eat one hundred acres of pizza a day. This amounts to about three hundred fifty slices per second
As an iceberg melts, it makes a fizzing sound because of the compressed air bubbles popping in the ice
The Arctic Ocean covers an area of about 14,056,000 sq miles
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C
Most toilets flush in E flat
Bile produced by the liver is responsible for making your feces a brownish, green colour
At one time the group "Grateful Dead" were called "The Warlocks."
Bats can detect food up to 18 feet away and what type of insect the food may be using their sense of echolocation
At the equator the Earth spins at about 1,038 miles per hour
People whose mouth has a narrow roof are more likely to snore. This is because they have less oxygen going through their nose
In one day, a human sheds 10 billion skin flakes. This amounts to approximately two kilograms in a year
On average, an American home has 3-10 gallons of hazardous materials
On average, 35 meters of hair fibre is produced on the adult scalp
Dalmatian puppies do not have any spots on them when they are born. They actually develop them as they get older
Male goats will pee on each other in order to attract mates
A dog by the name of Laika was launched into space aboard the Russian spacecraft Sputnik 2 in 1957
In 2002, dogs have killed more people in the U.S. than the Great White shark has killed in the past 100 years
The study of twins is known as gemellology
On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper right-hand corner of the "1" encased in the "shield" and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner
During one seven year period, Thomas Edison obtained approximately three hundred patents. In is whole life he obtained over one thousand patents.
When Black Jack Ketchum was hung back in 1901 in Clayton New Mexico, the noose actually ended up taking his head off. The head had to be sewn back on so Black Jack could be buried properly
Every 40,000 children are killed by fires
The highest recorded speed of a sneeze is 165 km per hour
In 1985, a pregnant women was falsely accused of shoplifting a basketball
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere
The adult electric eel can produce a five hundred volt shock, which is enough to stun a horse
When the are in danger, kangaroos will beat the ground loudly with their hind feet
To manufacture a new car approximately 148,000 liters of water is needed.
In 410 A.D. Alaric the Visigoth demanded that Rome give him three thousand pounds of pepper as ransom
Actress Jamie Lee Curtis invented a special diaper for babies that has a pocket
Honeybees use the sun as a compass which helps them navigate
An average driver spends approximately 2 hours and 14 minutes kissing in their car in a lifetime
In gangster slang, a boxing match that is fixed is called a "barney."
In 75% of American households, women manage the money and pay the bills
In a year, an average person uses the toilet 2500 times a year
A honey bee has four wings
The Bank of America was originally called the Bank of Italy until the founder, Amedeo Giannini, changed the name in 1930
Other than London, Liverpool is the most filmed British city, and was used to film more than 140 films in 2002
The body of the average baby is 75% water
A Chinese Scientist discovered that the Earth is round during the Han Dynasty by measuring the sun and moon's path in the sky. He recorded this fact down in the imperial records but went unnoticed until it was unearthed recently but Chinese archaeologists.
Each year, Americans throw away 25 trillion Styrofoam cups
There are more than 2,000 different varieties of cheese in the world
On average, Guinness sells 7 million glasses of beer a day
An artist from Chicago named Dwight Kalb created a statue of Madonna made out of 180 pounds of ham
Reports from owners of cats and dogs indicate that 21% of dogs and 7% of cats snore
The scarlet tanager, a songbird native to Illinois, can eat as many as 2,100 gypsy-moth caterpillars in one hour
To make one raindrop of water, it takes approximately a million cloud droplets
At 120 miles per hour, a Formula One car generates so much downforce that it can drive upside down on the roof of a tunnel
The smallest bone in the human body is the stapes bone which is located in the ear
India used to be the richest country in the world until the British invasion in the early 17th Century
The first owner of the Marlboro Company died of lung cancer
Some African tribes refer to themselves as "motherhoods" instead of families
Between 1902 and 1907, the same tiger killed 434 people in India
The word vaccine comes from the Latin word "vacca," which means cow. This name was chosen beacause the first vaccination was derived from cowpox which was given to a boy
James Bond is also known as Mr. Kiss-Kiss-Bang-Bang
A snail can crawl across a razor blade without getting injured. This is possible because they excrete a slime that protects them
Behram, an Indian thug, holds the record for most murders by a single individual. He strangled 931 people between 1790-1840 with a piece of yellow and white cloth, called a ruhmal. The most murders by a woman are 612, by Countess Erzsebet Bathory of Hungary
Approximately 97.35618329% of all statistics are made up
The largest spider ever was the Megarachne which had a diameter of 50 cm. The fossil was found in Argentina
In Russia, when flowers are given for a romantic occasions, flowers are given in odds numbers as even number of flowers is given at funerals only
Next to man, the porpoise is the most intelligent creature on earth
The hippopotamus has the capability to remain underwater for as long as twenty-five minutes
The Australian box-jellyfish has eight eyes
In 1916, an elephant was tried and hung for murder in Erwin, Tennessee
A sheep, a duck and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon
The liquid inside young coconuts can be used as substitute for blood plasma
In the UK, one third of accidental deaths that happen occur in the home
After the U.S Civil War, about 33%-50% of all U.S. paper currency in circulation was counterfeit
Michael Jordan makes more money from Nike annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined
The Hawaiian alphabet only has 12 letters
Tycho Brahe, a 16th century astronomer, lost his nose in a duel with one of his students over a mathematical computation. He wore a silver replacement nose for the rest of his life
Termites do more damage in the U.S. ever year than all the fires, storms and earthquakes combined. They do an average of $750 million in damage annually
Burger King restaurants serve over 400 million ounces of orange juice annually
Each year the Pentagon estimates their computer network is hacked about 250,000 times annually
The first president to ride in an airplane was Franklin Roosevelt
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the "American Pie." (Thus the name of the Don McLean song.)
A tree in metropolitan area will survive for approximately eight years
The only flying saucer launch pad in the world is located in St. Paul, Alberta, Canada
The sex of a baby crocodile is determined by the temperature in the nest and how deeply the eggs are buried
Polar bears are left handed
Food can only be tasted if it is mixed with saliva
Walter Hunt patented the safety pin in 1849. He later sold the patent rights for only $400.
The coliseum in Rome was used regularly for about 400 years
Children laugh about 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average only 15 times a day
The first formal rules for playing the sport of baseball required the winning team to score 21 runs
The University of Plymouth was the first university to offer a degree in surfing
Retail sales for soft drinks in the United States in 2001 were more than sixty billion dollars
Hens will produce larger eggs as they grow older
In Quebec, Canada, an old law states that margarine must be a different colour than butter
In the United States, about 33% of land is covered by forests
Lemons contain more sugar than strawberries
Shridhar Chillal from India is known to have the record for the longest fingernails in the world, which were each at least three feet long
In 1905, Chapman and Skinner in San Francisco invented the first portable electric vacuum.
Minimum wage was 0.25 per hour when it was first enacted in 1938
The conjunctiva is a membrane that covers the human eye
In 1785, the city of Paris removed bones from cemeteries to ease the overflow of dead people. They took these bones and stacked them in tunnels now known as the Catacombs. You can visit these tunnel attractions and work your way along long corridors, which are stacked with skulls and bones
It is estimated that over fifty-four million people died in World War II, which was the bloodiest war in history
Arabic numerals were not invented by Arabs, but were invented in India by the Hindus
Each year in America there are about 300,000 deaths that can be attributed to obesity
The first ever "World Summit on Toilets" was held in Singapore in November 2001
Humphrey Bogart was related to Princess Diana
Researchers have developed odourless socks. The sock fabric is made by attaching molecules that contain chlorine called halamines to textile fibers
Alexandre Gustave Eiffel, the man who designed the Eiffel Tower, also designed the inner structure of the Statue of Liberty in New York Harbour
In the 1985 Boise, Idaho mayoral election, there were four write-in votes for Mr. Potato Head
MS-DOS was originally calle QDOS and was bought of the author by Microsoft for a small fee. The rest is history
Marilyn Monroe had six toes
The Roman emperor Commodus was at one time going to change the name of Rome to Colonia Commodiana
The state of Alaska has almost twice as many caribou as people
Another way to say "every 9 years" is Novennial
In the spring of 1975, a baby in Detroit fell 14 stories and landed on Joseph Figlock, who was walking below. A few years later it happened again. Figlock and both babies survived
Close to fifty percent of Internet shoppers spend over five hours a week online
Los Angeles is the most polluted city in the USA
For people that are lactose intolerant, chocolate aids in helping milk digest easier
Using recycled aluminum cans and making news cans out of them saves 75% energy compared to making it from new material.
In a year, Americans eat approximately 20 billion pickles
Althaiophobia is the fear of marshmallows
There are are roughly 100 million single adults living in the USA
In the year 2000, there were approximately 11,000 injuries that were treated in a hospital in the U.S. that resulted from fireworks
Brazil is the largest producers of oranges in the world
4% of an apples is made up of minerals and vitamins, and over 80% is made up of water
From all the oxygen that a human breathes, twenty percent goes to the brain
In 1902, the coat hanger was invented Albert Parkhouse who was frustrated at the lack of hooks available to hang up his coat at work. His company thought it was a good idea and patented the invention and unfortunately, Parkhouse never received any money for his idea
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes
The longest game of Monopoly played underwater is 45 days
In WWII, when allied armies reached the Rhine River the first thing men did was pee in it. This was pretty universal from the lowest private to Winston Churchill (who made a big show of it). Gen. Patton had himself photographed in the act
Peaches were once known as Persian apples
Dustin Phillips of the U.S. has the record for ketchup drinking. He drank a 14-ounce bottle of tomato ketchup through a ? inch straw in 33 seconds on September 23, 1999
Ninety-five percent of tropical fish sold in North America originate from Florida
The blackberry bush is also called the "bramble."
The city of Tokyo was originally called Edo
The sun shrinks five feet every hour
There have been 191 coops in Bolivia since it became a sovereign country in 1825
During World War II, Kit Kat was unavailable due to milk shortages, so the chocolate bar was made without milk
The first TV commercial advertisement was by the Bulova Watch company on July 1, 1941. The watch company paid $9.00 for an announcement that was 10 seconds long
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated
A common custom in Spain is to eat one grape for each of the last 12 seconds of every year for good luck
Bill Gates began programming computers at age 13
Tobacco contains over 50 chemicals that can cause cancer
Sailors once thought that wearing a gold earring would improve their eyesight
The smallest bird in the world is the bee hummingbird. The bird is 2.24 inches long
A species of earthworm, "Megascolides australis," in Australia can grow up to fifteen feet in length
Hannibal, who was a soldier, had only one eye after getting a disease while attacking Rome
The full name of the Titanic ship is R.M.S. Titanic, which stands for Royal Mail Steamship
Electronic companies sell five times as many big-screen TVs during Super Bowl Week
Everyday approximately 35 meters of hair fibre is produced on the scalp of an adult
A U.S. company came out with a toilet night-light that sends out a green warning beacon when the seat is up
A little under one quarter of the people in the world are vegetarians
There are approximately 1300 species of scorpion but only 25 of them are deadly
An egg shell can have up to 17,000 tiny pores on its surface
A lifespan of an eyelash is approximately 150 days
66% of home based businesses are owned by women
There are approximately 60 muscles in the face
In 1924, Kleenex tissues were originally designed as a cold cream remover
A women from Berlin Germany has had 3,110 gallstones taken out of her gall bladder
Every second, 8000 Coca-Cola Company products are consumed in the world
If all the strawberries produced in California annually were put side by side, they would wrap around the Earth fifteen times
Devon, England has about 33,000 miles of hedgerows, more hedgerows than any other country
"Bookkeeper" is the only word in English language with three consecutive double letters
An average home creates more pollution than does the average car
Four out of five brides in the U.S. have a job
75-90% of primary physician visits are due to stress
The reason why the Canadian Arctic is called the "Land of the Midnight Sun" is because during the summer many communities have light 24 hours of the day. Many people have to cover their windows with tin foil to keep the light out when they sleep
On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament building is an American flag
Teenage cosmetic surgeries nearly doubled in the USA between 1996 and 1998
A rocket-like device can be traced back to Ancient Greece when a flying steam-powered pigeon was built out of wood.
The Cincinnati Reds are the oldest professional baseball team
In 1871, horse cars were introduced. It was simply a car that was pulled over a track by a horse.
High Priests in ancient Egypt were the only ones who were allowed to wear garments made from cotton
Kellogg?s started selling their most famous product, Corn Flakes, in 1906
Chocolate was used as medicine during the 18th century. It was believed that chocolate could cure a stomach ache
Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada has the largest bar per capita than anywhere else in the world
The Eiffel Tower was the tallest structure in the world before the construction of the Empire State Building in 1930
The first American celebration of St. Patricks Day was at Boston in 1737
The name of the popular sports drink Gatorade was named for the University of Florida Gators where it was developed
The largest employer in Central Florida is Walt Disney World. There are approximately 50,000 people working there
In his youth, United States president George W. Bush used to play for the Midland (Texas) Central Little League. He played the position of the catcher
The number of births that occur in India each year is higher than the entire population of Australia
Bobby Carpenter was the first American player to score 50 goals in a season
The word, tattoo originated from the Tahitain word "tattau" which means "to mark."
There was no punctuation until the 15th century
All babies are colour blind when they are born
Rocky Mountain spotted fever is a disease caused by ticks
There are approximately 9,000 taste buds on the tongue
A fetus starts to develop fingerprints at the age of eight weeks
The reason why your nose gets runny when you are crying is because the tears from the eyes drain into the nose
Gorillas can catch human colds and other illnesses
On October 15, 1794, the first silver dollar coins were released to be circulated to the public
In one day, the Tootsie Roll Industry makes over 16 million lollipops
In many of the milk ads that are shown, a mix of thinner and white paint is used instead of milk
Baskin Robbins once made ketchup ice cream. This was the only vegetable flavoured ice cream produced. However, they discontinued it since they thought it would not sell well
In an year, an average person makes 1,140 phone calls
The strike note of the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is e-flat
A Connecticut Toy maker, Herobuilders, sells action figures of President George W. Bush, Islamic militant Osama bin Laden, New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and British Prime Minister Tony Blair, which are all major figures tied to the September 11, 2001 WTC attacks
Majority of brides plan their wedding for approximately 7 to 12 months
The word assassination was invented by William Shakespeare
Benjamin Franklin invented the rocking chair.
Persia changed its name to Iran in 1935
In the wild, the poinsettia flower can reach a height of 12 feet, and have leaves that are eight inches across.
Construction workers hard hats were first invented and used in the building of the Hoover Dam in 1933.
A study indicates that smokers are likely to die on average six and a half years earlier than non-smokers
On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament building is an American flag
TYPEWRITER, is one of the longest words that can be made using the letters only one row of the keyboard
Bill Gates donated close to $100 million to fight AIDS in India. As a percent of his total wealth, this would be comparable to him donating ten cents if he only had $60
In the U.S. there is, on average, three sex change operations per day
The American Airlines Sports Center, in Dallas, has most toilets per capita than any other sports and entertainment venue in the USA
In 1999, a three headed turtle was discovered by Lin Chi-Fa in his pond in Southern Taiwan
Approximately one out of every 55 women from Canada give birth in their car on the way to the hospital or clinic
The first United States president to visit China was Richard Nixon
The most popular show amongst baby boomers is Star Trek.
The first jet engine was invented by Frank Whittleof of England in 1930.
In a day, an elephant can drink 80 gallons of water
The term "the whole 9 yards" came from WWII fighter pilots in thePacific. When arming their airplanes on the ground, the .50 calibermachine gunammo belts measured exactly 27 feet, before being loaded into thefuselage. If the pilots fired all their ammo at a target, it got "the whole 9yards."
In 1948 and 1950 the oldest ears of popping corn were discovered. They were located in the Bat Cave of west central New Mexico. They ranged in size from smaller than a penny to approximately two inches, and were about 4,000 years old
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross
It cost the soft drink industry $100 million a year for thefts committed involving vending machines
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sports games (MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL) are the day before and the day after the Major League All-Star Game
Watermelon is considered a good gift to give a host in Japan and China
The planet Venus spins opposite to the other planets in the solar system
During a typical human life span, the human heart will beat approximately 2.5 billion times
Frog-eating bats identify edible frogs from poisonous ones by listening to the mating calls of male frogs. Frogs counter this by hiding and using short, difficult to locate calls
Dieting can cause bad breath since less saliva is produced which leads to dry mouth
At lift off, US space shuttles weight about 4.5 million pounds.
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches
When an orange is shown in any of the "Godfather" movies, this means that someone is about to die or a close call is to occur.
Doctors in Canada use an adhesive similar to Krazy Glue instead of stitches, lowering the possibility of bacterial infection and minimizing scarring
Soil that is heated by geysers are now making it possible to produce bananas in Iceland
Chameleon is derived from the Greek, meaning "little lion."
The name Aspirin was invented from "A" in acetyl chloride. The "spir" comes from spiraea ulmaria which is the plant that they got the salicylic acid from, and the "in" was used because back then it was popular to end the name of medicines with "in."
About 30% of Canadians rely on getting their water from the ground for their domestic use
The eye of a human can distinguish 500 shades of the gray
There is a town in Norway called "Hell"
Most heart attacks occur between the hours of 8 and 9 am
No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds
May babies are on average 200 grams heavier than babies born in other months
Gloucestershire airport in England used to blast Tina Turner songs on its runways to scare birds away
The first German car to be built solely outside of Germany is the BMW Z3.
In China, fish is eaten more than three times what it is in the United States
The United Parcel Service shipped the killer whale Keiko (star of Disney movie "Free Willy") from Mexico City to Newport, Oregon in 1998
Hippos can live up to 40 years in the wild
The windiest place in the world is Mount Washington, New Hampshire, USA. The highest wind was on April 12, 1934 when it reached 231 mph.
The first restaurant to open in Hollywood was the Musso & Frank Grill in 1919
Corn Flakes were invented after Will Keith Kellogg and his brother Dr. John Harvey Kellogg set about developing a nutritious cereal for the patients of a health resort in 1890
The three wealthiest families in the world have more assets than the combined wealth of the forty-eight poorest nations
Huge Moore, the inventor of Dixie cups got the idea for the name from a neighboring factory, the Dixie Doll Company
The turkey was once nominated to be the official bird of the United States
In 1958 the United States sent three mice into space named, Mia, Laska and Benji
On average, Americans spend five times more of their time in their cars than they do on vacation
Natural gas does not have any odor. In order to detect a gas leak, some gas companies add a chemical that smells similar like rotten eggs.
Spiders have claws at the ends of their legs
Warner Brothers Corset Company created the bra cup sizing system, which is now used universally used by manufacturers
In the U.S. 7 out of 10 homes use candles
Daytime dramas are called Soap Operas because they were originally used to advertise soap powder. In America in the early days of TV, advertisers would write stories around the use of their soap powder
It takes approximately 12 years for Jupiter to orbit the sun
98% of houses in the United States have at least one television set
Reserves from the Irish army were used as extras in the movie "Braveheart."
80% of people that are on weight loss programs exercise on average three times a week
The first Valentine candy box was invented by Richard Cadbury in the 1800's.
An olive tree can live up to 1500 years
96% of people put the peanut butter on first when making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
Scientists have actually performed brain surgery on cockroaches
Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly than the U.S. Treasury
The Atlantic Ocean is saltier than the Pacific Ocean
By donating just one pint of blood, four lives can be saved
The biggest hamburger that was served was 8,266 pounds. It was made at the Burger Fest in Seymour, Wisconsin
The electric chair was invented by a dentist
Pilgrims did not eat potatoes for Thanksgiving as they thought they were poisonous
On average, a hen lays 300 eggs per year
BluBlocker sunglasses were developed with lenses that were used in the NASA space program for American astronauts
Pearls melt in vinegar
There are an estimated 2,500 collisions between birds and planes each year in the US
Richard Millhouse Nixon was the first US president whose name contains all the letters from the word "criminal." The second? William Jefferson Clinton
A chicken is 75% water
If you keep a Goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white
During his lifetime, artist Vincent Van Gogh only sold one of his paintings (The Red Vineyard)
Coffee has about five times the amount of caffeine as a can of Coke
It takes the Hubble telescope about 97 minutes to complete an orbit of the Earth. On average, the Hubble uses the equivilent amount of energy as 30 household lightbulbs to complete an orbit.
Approximately 850 peanuts make a 18 oz jar of peanut butter
The age of a saguaro cactus is calculated by its height
The most expensive animated movie is "Prince of Egypt", which cost $70 million to make
Koalas sleep up to 19 hours a day
The oldest roller coaster in the world is the Leap-The-Dips roller coaster located in Lakemont Park in Pennsylvania. The roller coaster was built in 1902
There are three golf balls sitting on the moon
You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
When Heinz ketchup leaves the bottle, it travels at a rate of 25 milesper year.
The story of Mulan had been told in China for almost 1,500 years before Disney decided to make it into an animated movie
The name Santa Claus came from Saint Nicholas who was a bishop in the town of Myra, and was known to be very nice to children
Microsoft made $16,005 in revenue in its first year of operation
At the 1960 Winter Olympic Games, Walt Disney was head of the committee that organized the opening day ceremonies
No other animal gives us more by-products than the hog. These by-products include pig suede, buttons, glass, paint brushes, crayons, chalk, and insulation to name a few
The ruby red slippers in the movie "The Wizard of Oz" were sold off at an auction for $660,000
40 percent of the almonds in the world are used by manufacturers of chocolate
It takes eight and a half minutes for light to get from the sun to earth.
Olives, which grow on trees, were first cultivated 5,000 years ago in Syria
A person infected with the SARS virus, has a 95-98% chance of recovery
When explorers first arrived in Venezuela, they were reminded of Venice. They named the country "Little Venice", which translated into Spanish is Venezuela
Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister
Between 12%-15% of the population is left-handed
When a polar bear cub is born, it can not see or hear. It takes approximately a month for the cub to start to see and hear
Girls have more tastebud than boys
Dandelion root can be roasted and ground as a coffee substitute
Platypuses mate in the water
Julie Nixon, daughter of Richard Nixon married David Eisenhower, grandson of Dwight Eisenhower
The microwave oven was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
The candlefish is so oily that it was once burned for fuel
A flea can jump 150 times its size. That is the same as a person able to jump up 1,000 feet in the air
Morihei Ueshiba, founder of Aikido, once pinned an opponent using only a single finger
The game of squash originated in the United Kingdom. It came about after a few boys, who were waiting for their turn to play racquets, knocked a ball around in a confined area adjoining the racquets court
Coca-Cola was originally green
When opossums are playing 'possum, they are not "playing." Theyactually pass out from sheer terror.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television
Lady Bugs really are not bugs. They are actually beetles and their correct name is The Ladybird Beetle
The name Reebok was named after the African Gazelle
The average human scalp has 100,000 hairs
New Jersey has a spoon museum that has over 5,400 spoons from across the world
Hydrogen is the most common atom in the universe
There is a town named Dildo in the province of Newfoundland, Canada
For every human in the world there are one million ants
The word "nerd" was first coined by Dr. Suess in the book "If I Ran to the Zoo."
The postage rate for a letter in 1693 was determined through how much light could pass through the letter. The postage rate would be more expensive if less light went through, and this process was called candling
The Sears Tower located in Chicago, Illinois is made up 76,000 tons of steel
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots
There are more recreational golfers per capita in Canada than any other country in the world
Hitler and Napolean both had only one testical
The largest bill U.S. bill made is for $100,000
Playwright Shakespeare was only 18 years old when he married Ann Hathaway, who was 26 years old at the time
Wherever a person is standing in the state of Michigan in the United States, they are within 85 miles of one of the Great Lakes
It only takes a male horse 14 seconds to copulate
The driest place on earth is Calama, in the Atacama Desert in Chile
After being picked an orange cannot ripen
The stomach of an adult can hold 1.5 liters of material
On average, a whole chicken from the grocery store weighs 3 pounds 12 ounces
A galactic year is 250 million Earth-years. This is the time it takes for our solar system to make one revolution around the Milky Way Galaxy.
Singer Paula Abdul used to be a cheerleader for the Los Angeles Lakers
Fossilized bird droppings are one of the chief exports of Nauru, an island nation in the Western Pacific
Water expands 9% when it is frozen
The first toilet tank ever seen on television was on Leave it to Beaver
The origin of apples traces back to the Middle East over 4,000 years ago
The colours yellow, red, and orange are used in fast food restaraunts because those are the colours that stimulate hunger
99% of pumpkins that are sold are sold for decoration
On Sunday, December 7, 1941 at 7:55 AM, the attack on Pearl Harbor commenced
If all the cars from the U.S. were taken and lined up from bumper to bumper, there would be enough cars to go to the moon from earth and back.
The elephant is the national animal of Thailand
A Canadian Tour company offers a two-day course in igloo building
Dairy cows can produce 20 to 35 gallons of saliva a day
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
When the Pez mint dispenser was first introduced it was meant to replace the activity of smoking
Gardening is said to be one of the best exercises for maintaining healthy bones
The speed of sound must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom.
A B-25 bomber airplane crashed into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building on July 28, 1945
Over 600,000 people died as a result of the Spanish influenza epidemic
From all the vegetables, beets contain the most sugar
Smelling bananas can help a person lose weight
In Miami, Florida, roosting vultures have taken to snatching poodles from rooftop patios
Only female mosquitoes bite humans. Male mosquitoes live on natural liquids from plants and other resources
An estimated 690 million people live in Africa
The difference between horns and antlers is that horns never stop growing and antlers shed and grow every year
African Baobab tree's circumference can reach 180 feet. If the trunk is hollow, 20 people would be able to fit inside of it.
On average, the Pentagon uses 666 rolls of toilet paper in one day
The USS Abraham Lincoln has five gymnasiums on the ship and a basketball league with 22 teams
Found in Argentina, the ornate horned frog can eat an entire mouse with one swallow
Great Britain was the first country to issue postage stamps in 1840
During World War II, there was not enough sugar in the U.S. to make candy as it was sent to the troops overseas. At this time, popcorn was consumed three times more than its usual amount
The most famous movie theatre is the "Chinese Theatre" located in Los Angeles, USA
In the U.S., the sport that causes the most injuries among the age group of 15-24 is basketball
Oscar Wilde and his friends came up the with the word "dude." It came from the words "duds" and "attitude."
By weight, the sun is 70% hydrogen, 28% helium, 1.5% carbon, nitrogen, and oxygen, and 0.5% all other elements.
Melba toast is named after an Australian opera singer Dame Nellie Melba
Astronomers once believed a planet named Vulcan existed between Mercury and the Sun
Talc was used by cavemen 15,000 years ago as an ingredient added to make paint
Ants do not sleep
The only married couple to fly together in space were Jan Davis and Mark Lee, who flew aboard the Endeavor space shuttle from Sept 12-20, 1992
Valentina Tereshkova was the first woman to enter space. She spent three days in space and completed forty-eight orbits of Earth
More than 3000 years ago children played with circular hoops made with grape vines. This toy was swung around the waist. Years later this toy was made by company called Wham-O and the Hula-Hoop was invented in 1958
The first subway system in America was built in Boston, Massachusetts in 1897.
Owls swallow their prey whole because they have no teeth. After approximately 12 hours they cough up the feathers, bones, and fur in a shape of a football pellet
Sharks have survived on earth for about 400 million years
Ukrainian monk, Dionysius Exiguus, created the modern day Christian calendar
The revenue that is generated from gambling is more than the revenue that comes from movies, cruise ships, recorded music, theme parks, and spectator sports combined
Every 30 seconds a house fire doubles in size
An alligator has about 80 teeth in its mouth at one time. An alligator can go through 3,000 teeth in a lifetime
A starfish can turn its stomach inside out
The story of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer was written in 1939 for a store promotion by an advertising employee of the department store Montgomery Ward
Actor Charlie Chaplin made 81 movies over a career that spanned 50 years
The music group Simply Red got its name from band member Mick Hucknall, who has red hair
Every three minutes a woman is diagnosed with breast cancer
The lifespan of a rhinoceros is generally 50 years
41% of women apply body or hand moisturizer a minimum three times a day
The largest ice cream sundae was made with 4,667 gallons of ice cream, was 12 feet high and had 7000 pounds of toppings on it. This was made in Anaheim, California in 1985
The name of the award given to honor the best sites on the Internet is called "The Webby Award."
The United States Mint once considered producing donut-shaped coins.
A Hungarian named Ladislo Biro invented the first ballpoint pen in 1938.
Adolf Hitler loved chocolate cake
Many years ago, a fish was caught that was 33 inches long and seemed to be heavier than it should. When they cut the fish, fishermen found a full of bottle of ale inside it
George Washington grew hemp in his garden
In New York City, approximately 1,600 people are bitten by other humans annually
In 1980, Saddam Hussein received a key to the city of Detroit
The song "Strawberry Fields Forever" sung by the Beatles refers to an orphanage located in Liverpool
False Bay, on the southern tip of Africa and close to Cape Town, South Africa, is a breeding ground for great white sharks, which feed off the thousands of seals in the bay. However, it is the only area in the known world in which these sharks are known to breach - they attack the seals by coming up vertically, often leaping clear of the water with their prey in their mouths
In 1952, the first TV toy commercial aired. It was for Mr. Potato Head
In the United States, approximately seven billion pounds of chocolate and candy are manufactured each year
Mules have one horse and one donkey for a parent
On average, 350 squirts are needed from milking a cow to make a gallon of milk
On average, a baby in the United States will eat fifteen pounds of cereal in their first year of life
The name Hasbro was invented by the name of the founders: HASsenfeld BROthers
Percentage of Africa that is wilderness: 28%. Percentage of North America that is wilderness: 38%
Due to sugar shortages to make candy during World War II, movie theatre owners turned to popcorn, which is now the best selling snack at movie theatres today
A group of whales is called a pod or gam
Even though a polar bears fur looks white it is actually colourless and is made with hollow tubes. The reason the bear looks white is because the rough inner surface of the tubes make light scatter and reflect at many different angles which gives the white appearance
There is a type of coffin made that can be used as a wine rack or picnic table before its final use
One gallon of used motor oil can ruin approximately one million gallons of fresh water
After the Eiffel Tower was built, one person was killed during the installation of the lifts. No one was killed during the actual construction of the tower
Approximately 87% of dog owners say that when they watch T.V. their dog curls up beside them or at their feet
Bernd Eilts, a German artist, turns dried cow manure into wall clocks and small sculptures. He is now expanding his business to include cow dung wrist watches
People who meet their calcium need reduce their risk of developing kidney stones
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
The human heart weighs less than a pound
The first Life Saver flavour, which was peppermint, was invented in 1912 and it was called Pep-O-Mint
The average life span of a peasant during the medieval ages was 25 years
Before 1859, baseball umpires were seated in padded chairs behind home plate
On February 10, 1964 the first self-adhesive stamps were issued
The ocean sunfish can produce thirty million eggs at once
The highest point in France is Mont Blanc, located in the Alps.
The American Automobile association was formed in 1905 for the sole purpose of warning motorists of police speed traps
Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are fifty years of age or older
In England, a cigarette is referred to as a fag
If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar
In 1980, there was only one country in the world with no telephones - Bhutan
Moscow was founded in 1147 by Yury Dolgoruky
In 1976, fourteen banks merged to form a bank credit card called "Mastercharge." This was later renamed to what is now know as "Mastercard."
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating 1 olive from each salad served in first-class
There are over 500 different types of bananas
In 1848, the first American pasta factory opened in Brooklyn, New York. The name of the man that opened it was Antoine Zerega
Albert Einstein was cremated and his ashes were spread over a river located in New Jersey
Your right lung takes in more air than your left one does
Men are four times more likely to be struck by lightning than women
The longest acceptance speech in the history of the Oscars was by Greer Garson in 1942. She received an Oscar for Best Actress for the movie Mrs. Miniver, and her speech was five minutes and 30 seconds long
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older
Octopi change colours when they become frightened. Normally they are a brownish colour, but can change to green or blue when fear sets in
A "gelotologist" is a person who studies laughter
A 13-year-old boy in India produced winged beetles in his urine after hatching the eggs in his body
Fat is important for the development of children and normal growth
The state of California has more 7-Eleven stores than any other state. There are approximately 1,200 stores
The deepest underwater penguin dive is 1,772 feet by an Emperor Penguin
38% of Americans eat breakfast everyday
There are over 100 styles of BluBlocker sunglasses available on the market
When a predator is chasing an impala, a type of antelope, it runs in a zig zag formation jumping as high as three metres
David Rice Atchinson was President of the United States for exactly one day. This happened due to a glitch in American law at the time. new
To make one glass of orange juice, 50 glasses of water are needed to grow enough oranges to make the juice
Penguins can jump as high as 6 feet in the air
Tomatina is the legendary Spanish tomato-throwing festival held in Bunol, Spain
Pigs have no sweat glands, which is why they stay in water or mud to keep cool
There is no element on Mendeleev's (the current) periodic table of elements abbreviated, either partially, or fully, with the letter J.
One of the Bond girls in the James Bond movie, "For Your Eyes Only," used to be a man
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket
In February 1878, the first telephone book was published in New Haven, Connecticut. The book was one page long and had fifty names in it.
Only President to win a Pulitzer: John F. Kennedy for "Profiles in Courage"
Roman emperors ate flamingo tongues which were considered a delicacy. Also parrotfish livers, and pheasant brains were feasted on
In 2002, the most popular car color in North America was silver.
Forty percent of Americans iron their clothes while wearing their underwear or being completely naked
About 85% or product warning labels on household products are inadequate
The largest volcano known is on Mars: Olympus Mons, 370 miles wide and 79,000 feet high, is almost three times higher than Mount Everest
Mexican jumping beans jump because of moth larvae inside the bean
Women blink nearly twice as much as men
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush
There are 691 drinking fountains in the Pentagon
Author Robert May considered the names of Reginald and Rollo before he settled on "Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer."
A study concludes that kids who snore do poorly in school
When snakes are born with two heads, they fight each other for food
Chocolate maker Cadbury uses more than sixty thousand tonnes of cocoa each year, in the United Kingdom alone
There are more pigs than humans in Denmark
A human eyeball weighs an ounce
The "Mexican Hat Dance" is the official dance of Mexico
The first open heart surgery was performed by Dr. Daniel Hall Williams in 1893
The DNA of humans is closer to a rat than a cat
Peladophobia refers to the fear of bald people
One Neptune year lasts 165 Earth years
In the U.S., 75% of the pencils sold are painted yellow
A person that is struck by lightning has a greater chance of developing motor neurone disease
In Canada, the $1 and $2 come in the form of coins. The $1 is nicknamed a "loonie" because it contains a loon on it and the $2 is nicknamed the "twonie" because it is the equivalent of two "loonies."
Singer Michael Jackson owns the rights to the South Carolina State anthem
On average a business document is copied 19 times
Pigeons can see ultraviolet lights
The list of ingredients that make up lipstick include fish scales
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs inthe air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg inthe air,the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horsehasall four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States
An average person consumes the equivalent of 26 gallons of milk a year, including almost 28 pounds of cheese
65% of the candy that is produced in an year is consumed by American adults 18 years and older
The little circles of paper that are cut out after a paper has been punched by a hole puncher are called "chad."
Teflon is the most slipperiest substance in the world
The lifespan of a firefly is about seven days. During these days, they are busy trying to find a mate
A crocodile can run up to a speed of 11 miles per hour
Fried spiders taste like nuts
In one day, adult lungs move about 10,000 litres of air
Cows do not have any upper front teeth. Instead they have a thick pad on the top jaw
On average, Americans move to a new place eleven times in their lifetime
Energy is being wasted if a toaster is left plugged in after use
The Golden Gate Bridge was first opened in 1937
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange,silver or purple
In an episode of the 1962 cartoon The Jestons, Jane Jetson is talking through a video phone. The phone number of The Jetsons was VENUS-1234
Trees that are near street lights do not shed their leaves as fast as a tree that is in the country
No president of the United States was an only child
7-Eleven is the largest retail chain in the world. Click Here For More Details
A Singapore singing group by the name of "The Oriental Singers," sang non-stop for 74 hours and five minutes
Every 25 miles a car produces one pound of pollution.
There was a molasses flood in Boston on January 15, 1919 that killed 21 people and injured 150 people
There are over one billion people that are actively involved in rice growth
On April 4, 1974, John Massis of Belgium pulled two New York Long Island railroad passenger cars totaling 80 tons with a thick rope, with a small bit attached, using only his teeth
The oldest major soft drink in America is Dr. Pepper, which originated in Waco, Texas in 1885
Hockey pucks were originally made from frozen cow dung
In L.A., U.S.A., a man may legally beat his wife with a leather strap, as long as it is less than 2 inches wide
The Arctic Tern, which is a small bird, can fly a round trip from the Arctic to the Antarctic and back. This can be as long as twenty thousand miles per year. This is the longest migration for a bird
The word "America" comes from the European explorer "Amerigo Vespucci
Over 100 million birds die annually by crashing into glass windows in the United States
Thomas Edison, the inventor of the light bulb was afraid of the dark
In 1933, Mickey Mouse is believed to have received 800,000 fan letters
Male rabbits are called "bucks," females are "does."
It took eleven years to built the Taj Mahal, (1632-1643)
Mangos are known throughout the world as the "King of Fruits."
The temperature of milk when it is coming out of a cow is about 36 degrees celsius
Wild Flamingos are pink because they consume vast quantities of algae and brine shrimp
The word "diastema" is the word for having a gap between your teeth
While digging, an Armadillo can hold its breath for up to six minutes
Of all the restaurants that are opened, 90% of them fail in the first year. Of the remaining ones that survive, 90% of those fail in the second year
The sun is approximately 75% hydrogen, 25% helium by mass
When a porcupine is born, its quills are soft and mostly white, but harden within hours
Since 1978, at least 37 people have died as a result of shaking vending machines, in an attempt to get free merchandise. More than 100 people have been injured
The first drug to be sold in the form of a tablet is Aspirin
The original name for butterfly was flutterby
There are approximately 100,000 miles of blood vessels in the human body
Great White sharks have about 3,000 teeth
Former U.S. President Franklin Pierce was arrested during his term as President for running over an old lady with his horse, but the charges were later dropped
The world record for time without sleep is 264 hours (11 days) by Randy Gardner in 1965
The giant squid is the largest animal without a backbone
There is enough water in American swimming pools to cover the whole city of San Francisco seven feet deep
215 jeans can be made with one bale of cotton
Hawaiian alphabet has 12 letters
Pineapples were first introduced into Europe by Christopher Columbus
When a women is pregnant, her senses are all heightened
The Food and Drug Administration says the most common injury from cosmetics comes from scratching the eye with a mascara wand
It has been medically been proven that laughter is an effective pain killer
Cataloupes are named after the gardens of Cantaloupe, Italy where some belive this melon was first grown
In the 13th century, quality standards for paste were assigned by the Pope
In a year, the average person walks four miles to make his or her bed
The first television broadcast of the Oscars took place in 1953, hosted by Bob Hope on NBC
Most snakes have six rows of teeth
NASDAQ stand for, "National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations."
An average women has 17 square feet of skin. When a women is in her ninth month of pregnancy she has 18.5 square feet of skin
The average American eats 35,000 cookies in his/her lifetime
The greatest snowfall ever in a single storm was 189 inches at the Mount Shasta Ski Bowl in February, 1959.
French astronomer Adrien Auzout had once considered building a telescope that was 1,000 feet long in the 1600s. He thought the magnification would be so great, he would see animals on the moon
The first email was sent out by Ray Tomlinson in 1971
The city of Chicago has the only post office in the world where you can drive your car through
The most overdue book in the world was borrowed from Sidney Sussex College in Cambridge, England and was returned 288 years later
The average person can live about a month without eating any food, but can only live about a week without water
There are about 34,000 species of spiders
In 1968, Abbie Hoffman played with a yo-yo while testifying before a congressional committee. He was found in contempt
The biggest candy eaters are the Dutch, who average 65 pounds of candy per person in a year
55,700 people in the US are injured by jewelry each year
The first owner of the Marlboro Company, Wayne McLaren, died of lung cancer
American President Calvin Coolidge (1923-1929) used to like Vaseline being rubbed on his head while he ate breakfast in bed
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, and purple
There was a 19th century Native American tribal chief who went under the name, "Not Able to Fornicate."
98% of brown bears in the United States are in Alaska
In 1657, the first chocolate house was opened in London, England
The Xerox company was initially called the Haloid Company
On average, Americans spend 33% of their life sleeping
One out of every five births in the United States are delivered by Cesarean section
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die
Studies indicate that surgeons who listen to music while they operate improve in their performance
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark
Thailand used to be called Siam
A sneeze can travel as fast as one hundred miles per hour
The Pentagon cost $49,600,000 to build in 1941
Desert snails can stay in their shell for up to three years
In the 19th century, it was common practice for a Japanese woman to dye their teeth black. They believed that this enhanced sex appeal and maintained healthier teeth
The revolving door was invented in 1888, by Theophilus Van Kannel.
The Lion King is the top grossing Disney movie of all-time with domestic gross intake of $312 million
The state that grows the most cranberries is Wisconsin. More than 300 million pounds of cranberries are grown in Wisconsin
The smallest frog is the "Brazilian baby frog", which is smaller than a dime
The idea of Christmas cards was invented by Englishman Henry Cole in 1843
Air is passed through the nose at a speed of 100 miles per hour when a person sneezes
A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born
Britons eat over 22,000 tonnes of french fries a week
People from the United States eat the most chicken per person than anywhere else in the world
Sanskrit is considered as the mother of all higher languages. This is because it is the most precise, and therefore suitable language for computer software
The origins of the soldier term "G.I." is an abbreviation for "Government Issue," which was stamped on all government kits supplied to recruits in the US Army during World War II
Watermelons are a popular gift to bring to a host in China or Japan
Beethoven used to take hay baths to remedy the swelling he used to get in his legs
On average Americans spend 18% of their income on transportation
Of all the words Dr. Seuss made up in his storybooks, only one has stuck in the English vocabulary: grinch, which is refers to a killjoy -- and it took more than 20 years
Montreal has an underground city, which has over 2,000 shops and 26 kilometres of walkways. This is the largest underground network for any city
The official state mammal of Texas is the armadillo
The word Himalayas means the "home of snow."
A man filed a lawsuit against his doctor because he survived longer than what the doctor had predicted
One of the reasons marijuana is illegal today because cotton growers in the 30s lobbied against hemp farmers -- they saw it as competition. It is not chemically addictive as is nicotine, alcohol, or caffeine
It took approximately 2.5 million blocks to build the Pyramid of Giza, which is one of the Great Pyramids
The platypus uses its bill to find animals that it feeds on. Its bill can sense the tiny electric fields that their preys emit
Central Park located in New York has 125 drinking fountains
The largest school in the world is City Montessori School in India and has over 25,000 students in grade levels ranging from kindergarten to college
Washing machines use anywhere from 40 to 200 litres of water per load
Australia has had stamps that actually look like gems. In 1995 and 1996 they used a special technology to make the stamps look like diamonds and opals.
There are only four words in the English language which end in
Hummingbirds are the only animal that can fly backwards
In only eight minutes, the Space Shuttle can accelerate to a speed of 27,000 kilometres per hour.
In a study conducted regarding toilet paper usage, Americans are said to use the most toilet paper per trip to the bathroom, which was seven sheets of toilet paper per trip
German cockroaches can survive for up to one month without food and two weeks without water
George Washington had teeth made out of hippopotamus ivory
Americans write approximately 50 billion checks a year making it the second most frequent payment method used after cash
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns
The amount of aluminum that Americans throw out in three months is enough to rebuild all American commercial planes
Humans breathe in and out approximately one litre of air in ten seconds
The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar and England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes
British scientists have found evidence that heart attacks increase significantly for people who watch soccer penalty shoot-outs
Fine-grained volcanic ash can be found as an ingredient in some toothpaste
The most disliked vegetable by Americans is Brussels sprouts
The first ice hotel was built in Swedish Lapland
A myrmecologist studies ants
Rice is thrown at weddings as a symbol of fertility
More than 90% of shark attack victims survive
The average temperature on Earth is 15 degrees celcius.
To produce a dozen eggs, a hen has to eat about four pounds of feed
Pollsters say that 40 percent of dog and cat owners carry pictures of the pets in their wallets
When Coca-Cola began to be sold in China, they used characters that would sound like "Coca-Cola" when spoken. Unfortunately, what they turned out to mean was "Bite the wax tadpole". It did not sell well
In the United States, 80% of households have oatmeal in their kitchen
A cockroach can change directions up to 25 times in a second
In 1825, the first toilet was installed in the White House
Cricket chirping can tell the temperature outside. Counting how many times a cricket chirps in 15 seconds and then adding 40 to that number will approximately tell you what the temperature is in Fahrenheit
Every year, 50,000,000 automobiles are produced in the world.
Pikeville, Kentucky consumes the most Pepsi per capita then any other American city
After the death of the genius, Albert Einstein, his brain was removed by a pathologist and put in a jar for future study
Cubic Zirconia is 55% heavier than real diamonds.
The fastest speed a raindrop had reached when falling is seven miles per hour.
Battle Creek, Michigan is referred to as the "Cereal Bowl of America." The city produces the most breakfast cereals than any other city in the world
The stringy thing that is seen in egg whites is called "chalazae."
The city of Argentia which is located on Newfoundland's southwest coast, is Canada's most fog-bound community. It has 206 days of fog each year.
Seven percent of a humans body wieght is made up of blood
Most snails are hermaphrodites, meaning they have both female and male reproductive organs
Dogs can be trained to detect an upcoming epileptic seizure
American women, on average, spend 55 minutes per day getting showered, dressed, and groomed
Germany produces more than 5,000 varieties of beer and has about 1,300 breweries in country
In some parts of the Atacama Desert it has never rained
In 1681, the last dodo bird died
Strawberries are a member of the rose family
It is common in Israel and Egypt to eat watermelon with feta cheese
The most popular recipient of Valentine cards are school teachers
The average stay for a prisoner on Alcatraz, when it was used as a prison, was five years
Mickey Mouse is known as "Topolino" in Italy
Bird droppings are the chief export of Nauru, an island nation in the Western Pacific
About twenty-five percent of the population sneeze when they are exposed to light
In Japan, tipping at restaurants is not a norm. However, some restaurants might add a 5 - 10 % service charge to the bill
The first automobile racetrack in America was the 'Indianapolis Motor Speedway,' which had 3 million cobblestones.
A cow has four compartments in its stomach
The most popular place to burn candles in the house is the living room
In Japan, by the time man reaches the age of 60, he is commemorated with a special ceremony. This ceremony features the man wearing a red kimono, which denotes that he no longer has the responsibilities of being a mature adult
Men are four times more likely to be struck by lightning than women
The all-time most nominated Grammy artist with 77 nominations is Quincy Jones
In 1845, inventor Thomas Adams started the world's first chewing gum factory.
In 1693, the postage rate of a letter was determined by how much light went through the letter. The less the light went through the letter the more expensive the rate would be. This technique was referred to as candling
Polar bears can smell seals who are 20 miles away
Hair is made from the same substance as fingernails
Polar bears have been known to swim more than 60 miles without resting
Before 1883, the three-cent U.S. stamp was also used for advertising. The advertisment was located on the back of the stamp for various products
The largest ketchup bottle in the world is a 170 feet tall and is located in Collinsville, Illinois, USA. It was built in 1949 by the W.E. Caldwell Company as a water tower
Bo Jackson set a Monday Night Football record by rushing for 222 yards in one game against the Seattle Seahawks, including a 91-yard TD run
There are approximately 75,000,000 horses in the world
The fins of the Spiny Dogfish Shark are sometimes used as sandpaper for wood products
The Super Bowl is so popular that it is the number on at-home party event of the year
There was a time in Japan where a wife being left handed was a ground for divorce
The United States produces enough plastic film annually to cover the entire state of Texas
It is possible to get high by licking a toad. The Cane Toad produces a toxin called bufotenine to ward off predators. When licked, this toxin acts as a hallucinogen
Stinging insects kills approximately 25 people annually in the U.S
The first commercial microwave oven was called the "1161 Radarange" and was the size of a refrigerator
Chances of a women getting breast cancer are increased by excesseive use of alcohol
A common name for pincurls is also spitcurls because woman sometimes wet their hair with their saliva before curling it
The first hot air balloon flight traveled for 5.5 miles over Paris and lasted for 23 minutes
Birds do not sweat, as they do not have sweat glands
Former U.S. President Ronald Reagan once wore a Nazi uniform while acting in a film during his Hollywood days. The name of the movie was "Desperate Journey," which was filmed in 1942
The town of Olney, Illinois celebrates a "Squirrel Day" festival to honour the 200 albino squirrels that live in the town. The festival includes a squirrel blessing by a priest
In the United States there are about three million honey producing colonies
Adult earwigs can float in water for up to 24 hours
January is named for the Roman god Janus. Janus was a temple god who could look forward and backward at the same time
Pepper was sold as individual grains during the Elizabethan times. The guards at the London docks had to sew up their pockets so they would not steal any of the pepper
On average, the life span of an American dollar bill is eighteen months
Shakespeare invented the word "assassination" and "bump."
A diet high in fat is said to impede memory
There are more than 1,000 chemicals in a cup of coffee. Of these, only 26 have been tested, and half-caused cancer in rats
Pound for pound, hamburgers cost more than new cars.
Every year approximately 2,500 left-handed people are killed by using object or machinery designed for right-handed people
The heart of an adult giraffe weighs on average 26 pounds
Two million red blood cells die every second
The first American astronaut in space was Alan B. Shepard Jr
The world record for donut eating is held by John Haight, who ate 29 donuts (52 ounces) in a little over six minutes
Hundreds of years ago, only the wealthy people used to wear underwear
Buffalo wings, got their name because the spicy chicken wings originated in Buffalo, New York
The board game Scrabble was originally called "Criss Cross Words" by inventor Alfred Butts
Men are more likely to be colorblind than women. About one of out of 12 men are colorblind
Edwin Armstrong invented FM radio in 1933. The first men to use FM radio to communicate with Earth from the moon's surface were named Edwin Aldrin and Neil Armstrong.
The MGM lion, whose name was Leo, lived in Memphis until his death
The Bible was written by over 40 authors over a period of 1500 years
The range of a medieval long-bow is 220 yards
Studies indicate that weightlifters working out in blue gyms can handle heavier weights
African heart-nosed bats can have such a keen sense of sound that they can hear the footsteps of a beetle walking on sand from six feet away
Many of the stars that were in the Poltergeist Trilogy had strange deaths
The sap of a banana plant leaves serious stains on hands and clothes that is extremely hard to remove
In Ireland, a prime minister is a called a Taoiseach
American President John Tyler had 15 children
Even though red roses looks the same, there are over 900 different types of red roses
People in France own more pets in the world per person than any other country
In a five card poker game there are 2,598,960 possible hands
The most common pear world-wide is the Bartlett. It is bell-shaped, sweet and soft with a light green colour
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20
The average person falls asleep in about 12 to 14 minutes
Eighty percent of the Vanilla Beans which are used to make ice cream is grown in Madagascar
Annually, British people eat more than 15 pounds of beans
The largest known hailstone to have fallen was in Germany in 1925, which weighed close to four and a half pounds.
The Kraft company produces enough Cool Whip, a brand of whipping cream, in one year to fill the entire Grand Canyon
Karate actually originated in India, but was developed further in China
A seagull can drink salt water because it has special glands that filter out the salt
Elvis had a twin brother named Jesse Garon, who died at birth
95% of the entire lemon crop produced in the U.S. is from California and Arizona
There are more than 3000 documented caves located in the state of Tennessee
Soy crayons have been invented to replace wax crayons and one acre of soybeans can produce over 80,000 crayons
People drank gold powder mixed in with water in medieval Europe to relieve pain from sore limbs
Basketball great Wilt Chamberlain never fouled out of a game
Twit is the name given for a pregnant goldfish
A ear trumpet was used before the hearing aid was invented by people who had difficulty hearing
In 1982, a cactus in Phoenix, Arizona killed a man. David Grundman fired two shotgun blasts at a giant saguaro cactus that ended up falling on top of him
There are 293 steps to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa
The most popular American city for Kool-Aid sales is St. Louis, Missouri
A human embryo is smaller than a grain of rice at four weeks old
In 1923, the first neon sign was introduced in the U.S. Two neon signs were sold to a Packard car dealership for $24,000 which read, "Packard."
Silk was developed in China were it was kept a secret for more than two thousands years. Anyone found trying to smuggle silkworm eggs or cocoons out of the country was immediately put to death
Ivory bar soap floating was a mistake. They had been mixing the soap formula causing excess air bubbles that made it float. Customers wrote and told how much they loved that it floated, and it has floated ever since
Sir John Harington, the godson of Queen Elizabeth I, was the inventor of the toilet
The Popsicle was invented by 11 year-old Frank Epperson in 1905. He left his drink outside with a stir stick in it and he noticed that it had frozen. He applied for a patent in 1923 and named it "Epsicle." The name was later changed to Popsicle
In the U.S., approximately 46% of the chicken that is eaten by people comes from restaurants or other food outlets
An earthquake on Dec. 16, 1811 caused parts of the Mississippi River to flow backwards
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado
There are only four words in the English language which end in"-dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous
One pound of maple syrup can make eight pounds of candy or sugar
Uranus is the only planet that rotates on its side
The peanut is not a nut, it is actually a legume
Approximately 71% of American chocolate eaters prefer to eat milk chocolate
A colony of bees have to fly almost fifty-five thousand miles and tap two million flowers to make one pound of honey
Popped popcorn should be stored in the freezer or refrigerator as this way it can stay crunchy for up to three weeks
An office desk has 400 times more bacteria than a toilet
In Czechoslovakia, there is a church that has a chandelier made out of human bones
The first fruit eaten on the moon was a peach
The name "Lego" came from the Danish word LEg Godt, which means "play well."
Female and male black bears cannot tolerate being around each other except when they breed
In 1998, Ten Speed Press publishing company published a book, "The Eat A Bug Cookbook" by David George Gordon that contains over 33 bug recipes
Twelve men have landed on and explored the moon
The football team Green Bay Packers comes from a meat packing company called Acme Packing
Unlike a frog a toad cannot jump
The average weight of a newborn baby is 7 lbs. 6 oz. For a triplet baby it is 3 lbs. 12 oz
Baseball was the first sport to be pictured on the cover of Sports Illustrated
A group of tigers is called a streak
Hippos drink as much as 250 litres of water in any given 24 hour period
850 peanuts are needed to make an 18 oz. jar of peanut butter
The Beatles have sold more records than anyone else with over a billion worldwide
After the "Popeye" comic strip was launched in 1931, spinach consumption went up by thirty-three percent in the United States
The largest type of penguin is the Emperor Penguin which can stand to be almost 3.5 feet tall and weigh more than 90 pounds
Over 175 million cubic yards of earth was removed for the creation of the Panama Canal
7-Eleven was the first convenience store to have television advertising. The animated commercial ran in 1949 and had a singing rooster and owl
A honey bee strokes its wings about 11,500 times a minute
On average men spend 51 minutes a day grooming themselves
Sharks are so powerful that their bite can generate a force of up to 18 tons per square inch
The designated instrument for the city of Detroit is the accordion
Percentage of Americans who have visited Disneyland/Disney World: 70%
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise
A sheep, a duck, and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon
On average, Americans spend $1300 on utility bills annually
The New York Stock Exchange started out as a coffee house
There are approximately 2,700 different species of mosquitoes
Colonel Sanders original white suit was auctioned off for $80,000 in February 2002
EPCOT stands for "Experimental Prototype City Of Tomorrow."
The reason why tattoos do not vanish even though we shed our skin is because the dye is injected deeper into the dermis part of the skin. It is only the epidermis that we shed
Over 170,000 Indians from 210 tribes live in the Brazilian Amazon Rainforest
Cashew nuts contain oil in the shell that is very irritating to the skin
A caterpillar grows roughly 27,000 times its size when it first emerges as an egg
Lightning strikes the Empire States Building about seven times a year
Snake venom is ninety percent protein
More than three thousand people work on research in Antarctica each year
The first product that the toy company Mattel came out with was picture frames
Scientists have discovered a way to make biodegradable plastic from plants by using genetic engineering.
The Earth orbits the Sun at a speed of about 108,000 km per hour
In 1897, Bayer, who is the makers of Aspirin, once marketed the drug heroin
In Australia, a common "Boxing day" activity is surfing
In 1986, a drunk fan got into a pace car at Talladega Superspeedway, and started joyriding on the track in front of a nationwide audience. The police cruisers who had to chase him around the track were not amused when they caught and arrested him
Mary Hart, the co-anchor of Entertainment Tonight, has each of her legs insured for one million dollars
The two top toys in 1950 were Silly Putty which sold for $1, and Crayola crayons which sold for 50 cents
The King Cobra has enough venom in its bite that it can kill up to 13 adults
Earl Dean developed the bottle design for Coca-Cola
The word "super" to a beekeeper refers to the hive box where the honey is stored
Only 23% of New Zealand families have more than two children
Deliberately infecting people with malaria has been used to cure different viral infections. The high fever will strengthen the immune system and fight the virus. In recent times this has been considered as a treatment to HIV
By partially filling saucers with vinegar and distributing the saucers around a room, you can eliminate odors
The only animals that are capable of turning their heads 180 degrees are from the genus Galago, such as the Tarsier
In the United States birds and planes collided more than 22,000 times between the years of 1990 and 1998
The average number of pillowcases washed a day at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas is 15,000
Over 40 million Americans have chronic bad breath
There are 158 verses in the Greek National Anthem
A regulation baseball has exactly 108 stitches
In a study that was done by the University of Chicago in 1907, it was concluded that the easiest color to spot is yellow. This is why John Hertz, who is the founder of the Yellow Cab Company picked cabs to be yellow
On average it takes a shark seven days to replace a tooth
The biggest religious building in the world is a Hindu Temple, Angkor Wat, located in Cambodia. It was built at the end of the 11th century
In Britain, there are approximately 50,000 pubs with 17,000 different names
Snails eat with a rasping mouth called a "radula," which has thousands of teeth
A dragonfly has a lifespan of for to seven weeks
Chewing on gum while cutting onions can help a person from producing tears
The majority of American models are skinnier than 98% of American women
The first jigsaw puzzle was created by map maker John Splisbury who mounted one of his maps on a sheet of hardwood. He proceeded to cut around the borders of each country use a fine saw
Owen Falls Lake is the largest man-made lake in the world
The patent number of the telephone is 174465.
On average, 81% of Americans 16 years of age and older watch television at least once in a day
If a raisin is dropped into a glass of champagne it will bounce up and down in the glass
Reptiles do not perspire, and do not have any oil glands
Eating chocolate three times a month helps people live longer as opposed to people who overeat chocolate or do not eat chocolate at all
There is a doggy disco held in Italy every year where owners can dance with their dogs
The average number of guests that attend a wedding in the U.S. is 189
In ancient Egypt, the dung beetle symbolized eternal rebirth and the Sun God Khepri
If a cockroach breaks a leg it can grow another one
Budweiser beer is named after a town in Czechoslovakia
Each day the sun causes about one trillion tons of water to evaporate
Actress Debra Winger helped to perform the voice of E.T. in the movie ?E.T. The Extra Terrestrial (1982)."
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letteris uncopyrightable.
All penguins live south of the equator
There are more than 640 muscles in the human body
Airports that are at higher altitudes require a longer airstrip due to lower air density
Every second, two Barbie dolls are sold somewhere in the world
The Ice Cream cone was invented in the summer of 1904 by Charles Menches. It made its debut one year later at the St. Louis World Fair
The rhinoceros beetle can carry up to 850 times its weight on its back. This is equivalent to a person carrying over 50 mini-vans on their back
The game rugby was originated at Rugby school located in England in 1823. This happened when William Webb Ellis, while playing soccer, picked the ball up in his hands and started running with it
The first episode of the popular television sitcom Happy Days was titled "All The Way."
Scientists have discovered that the longer the ring finger is in boys the less chance they have of having a heart attack
When the body is resting, it takes in about 10 litres of air every minute
The smallest bone in the human body is the stirrup bone, which is located in the ear
George Washington had to borrow money to go to his own inauguration
There have been over fifty million Mr. Potato Heads sold since it came out in 1952
All of Chrysler's PT Cruisers are built in Mexico.
Movies approximately make five times more from video sales than ticket sales
There has only been 193,000 metric tonnes of gold discovered to date.
The word Lethologica describes the state of not remembering the word you want to say
In 1958, the United States Coast Guard off western Greenland measured the tallest known iceberg at five hundred and fifty feet
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere
Baby donkeys or baby mules are also known as "Foals."
When Sony introduced the walkman, it had a variety of different names in different countries. It was called "Soundabout" in the U.S., "Stowaway" in the U.K., and "Freestyle" in Australia
In Canada, the most productive day of the workweek is Tuesday
The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It To Beaver"
Author Dr. Seuss wrote the book "Green Eggs and Ham" because the editor made him a bet that he could not write a book, which contained less than fifty words
Armadillos have four babies at a time, and they are always the same sex
The tallest mammal in the world is the giraffe
Obsessive nose picking is referred to as rhinotillexomania
The spider used in the 2002 movie Spider-Man was a Steatoda spider, not a black widow. The spider was given anaesthesia, and was then painted blue and red
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet
In ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a girl was a way to propose for marriage.. If the girl caught it, that would mean she accepts
Donkeys can live between 30 to 50 years in captivity
In the United States, approximately 25,000 eye injuries occur that result in the person becoming totally blind
Australian Graham Barker extracted his own belly button fluff every day for 18 years acquiring a record-breaking amount of fluff. He hopes to accumulate enough fluff to stuff a pillow
Every year, surgical tools are left in approximately 1,500 patients in the USA. Fatter patients are more prone to having a surgical tool left inside of them due to the additional amount of space in their bodies
Medical reports show that about 18% of the population are prone to sleepwalking
In Ancient Egypt, cats were often buried with their masters, or in a special cemetary for cats
In Ontario, an average household income of a golfer is greater than $60,000
The Danish company Lego, which began in 1932, first manufactured ironing boards, and stepladders
Mice will nurse babies that are not their own
Saturday is the most popular day for people to eat out in the United States
Singer Alice Cooper once had a live chicken thrown at him during a concert in Toronto. He threw the chicken back at the crowd and all the publicity surrounding the incident skyrocketed his singing career
Between 1997-2002, there was an increase of 228% in cosmetic procedures in the United States
Elmer Smith was the first player to hit a grand slam in a World Series
Ancient Egyptians used the spice Thyme to help preserve mummies
On average, an American family sends and receives 28 Christmas cards each year
In Belgium, 94% of children under the age of fourteen own LEGO products
In ancient Rome, lead poisoning was a prevalent disease amongst the wealthy because of their extensive use of lead. Many Roman women died because of lead poisoning caused by the use of make-up that contained lead
The famous jewelry store Tiffany & Co. was established on September 18, 1837 in New York City. The amount of sales that were made the first day were $4.98
Depending on the size, it can take an oyster anywhere from few months to many years to form a pearl
In one minute, the heart of a giraffe can pump 160 gallons of blood
Each day Americans 15 and over spend an average of 55 minutes of driving
Storks were a symbol of fertility in Europe and were considered to bring good luck
The largest pig on record was a Poland-China hog named Big Bill, who weighed 2,552 lbs
The parents of Albert Einstein were worried that he was mentally slow because it took him a long time to learn how to speak
A honey bee has four wings
Badminton originates from a sport in India called "poona."
In October 1973, Swedish sweet maker Roland Ohisson of Falkenberg was buried in a coffin made of nothing but chocolate
More than 100 professional cyclists participate in the Tour de France every year and the race is over 3,200 kilometers
In the United States, turkeys are mostly raised in California
The only state to grow pineapples is Hawaii
There are more than 50 different types of pumpkins. Some of them have names such as Munchkin, Funny Face, and Spooktacular
In order to mate, a male deep sea anglerfish will bite a female when he finds her. The male will never let go and will eventually merge his body into the female and spend the rest of his life inside the female mate. The males internal organs will disappear apart from the testes that are needed to for breeding
Tacoma Narrows Bridge which was located in Washington was nicknamed "Galloping Gertie" because of the unusual way it twisted and swayed with even with the slightest winds when people would drive on it. The bridge collapsed on November 7, 1940, fortunately no humans died, except for a dog
At least 7% of all health care costs in the United States are attributed to smoking
On September 7, 1997, the first flight of the F-22a occurred.
There are five years in a quinquennium
The average life span of a mosquito is two weeks
Eating 11 pounds of apples will make you gain one pound of weight
Slugs have 4 noses
The shark cornea has been used in eye surgery, since its cornea is similar to a human cornea
Singer Billy Joel tried to commit suicide when he was 21 by drinking furniture polish
The largest fish in the world is the whale shark. It can weigh several tons and grow to more than fifty feet in length
The fastest bird in the world is the Peregrine Falcon, which can reach speeds in excess of two hundred miles per hour
The world camel population is close to 19 million
The word "Denim" comes from the French phrase "serge de Nimes" which is a fabric made in a town located in southern France
February 17th, 1930, was the first flight by a cow in an airplane. The milk that was produced by the cow during the flight was put into containers and parachuted over the city of St. Louis
The most popular gift that teachers receive in the United States from their students is chocolate
The Bible has been translated into Klingon
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating arealready married.
Stewardesses is one of the longest words typed with only the left hand
If a lobster loses an eye or a claw it can usually grow a new one
The name for the sign "&" which represents the world "and" is ampersand
The Eiffel Tower weight is approximately 9441 tons
The first translation of the Bible into English was in 1382 A.D., by John Wycliff
The meaning of Siberia is "sleeping land."
Ancient Romans at one time used human urine as an ingredient in their toothpaste
Billie Jean by Michael Jackson was the first video to air on MTV by a black artist
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and a size 108.7 acres
Eyebrow hair lasts between 3-5 months before it sheds
An elephant cannot jump
Scientists say that babies that are breastfed are more likely to be slimmer as adults than those that are not breastfed
The reason why the Mexican sombrero hat is so wide is to provide shade for the entire body
Amazingly, goalies in the National Hockey League played without masks until the year 1959
According to research, the most productive workday is Tuesday and the least productive is Friday
The makers of Crayola produce over 2 billion crayons in a year
The human face is made up of 14 bones
Mangos are valued for their reputation as an aphrodisiac in countries such as Guatemala and India
There are over 9 million beef and dairy cattle in New Zealand
The coconut is the largest seed in the world
Basketball superstar Wilt Chamberlain holds 56 NBA records
In 1990, the largest watermelon ever grown was 262 pounds, by Bill Carson of Tennesse, USA
Some toothpastes contain antifreeze
During the Gold Rush in 1849, some people paid as much as $100 for a simple glass of water
The only English place that has a name that ends with an exclamation mark is "Westward Ho!"
In Cleveland, Ohio, it's illegal to catch mice without a huntinglicense.
There are at least six universal facial expressions. They are: happiness, sadness, disgust, fear, anger and surprise
In the movie "The Exorcist" the vomit that (Regan) Linda Blair hurls at Father Damien Karras is thick pea soup
The Library of Congress, located in Washington D.C., is the largest library in the world
There is a substance in the skin of the African clawed frog that helps in fighting infection
The Sea of Tranquility on the moon is deeper than the highest mountain on Earth
The most popular vacation destinations for Americans in 1956 was Niagara Falls
In 1967, the first successful heart transplant was performed in Cape Town, South Africa
There are an average of 178 sesame seeds on a McDonald's Big Mac bun.
In one day, a queen bee can lay up to 1500 eggs in one day
"Pomology" is the science of growing an apple
The total number of episodes for the sitcom "I Love Lucy" was 180
The town with the most stop signs per capita than any other in the US: LaConner, Washington
There is a Harley-Davidson that was designed as an exact replica of a hamburger
The blue whale is the loudest animal on the earth. Its whistle can reach up to 188 decibels
Five Jell-O flavors that flopped: celery, coffee, cola, apple, andchocolate.
Mosquitoes prefer children over adults
Sharks are capable of going at least 6 weeks without eating; the record observed in an aquarium is 15 months by a species of shark known as the swell sharks)
When baby sharks are born, they swim away from their mothers right away and are on there own. In fact, their mothers might see them as prey
Soaking beans for twelve hours in water before they are cooked can reduce flatulence caused by beans
The vegetable that is eaten most by Americans is potatoes. On average, a person eats about 140 pounds of potatoes annually
In the dry valleys region of Antarctica, it has not rained in 2 million years according to scientists
Keeping your car tuned up is a good way to save on gas. A car that is tuned up is 9% more efficient on gasoline.
The venom of the king cobra is so deadly that one bite can kill twenty people or one elephant
There is a law in the state of Idaho that does not permit one citizen to give another citizen a box of candy that is heavier than 50 pounds
The kidneys filter over 400 gallons of blood each day
Another word to refer to old age is senectitude
The most popular meal ordered at restaurants in the U.S. is fried chicken
Kit Kat chocolate bar was introduced to the market in 1935
The average human head weighs about eight pounds
Fear of clowns is called coulrophobia
The average person is about a quarter of an inch taller at night
Common pesticides such as roach, termite and flea insecticide can be found in the bodies of majority of Americans
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category
There is no tipping in Iceland
The founder of JC Penny had the middle name of Cash
Eating parsley after eating an onion can help in getting rid of onion breath
Gorilla gorilla gorilla is the scientific name for the animal gorilla
In the U.S. the most common excuse made to get out of paying a ticket is to say they missed the sign
On average, it is estimated that females injure themselves ten time more than males do while playing sports
A house cat spends 70% of its time sleeping
The first hair dryer was a vacuum cleaner that was used for drying hair
Whale eyes are the size of a grapefruit
Painting a house yellow or having a yellow trim helps in selling a house faster
On August 21st, 1911, someone stole the Mona Lisa, the most famous painting in the world, from the Louvre Museum. It was recovered two years later
The Great Wall stretches for about 4,500 miles across North China
Frosted Flakes mascot "Tony the Tiger" has a wife, son (Tony Jr.) and daughter (Antoinette) that were used in early advertising commercials
The iron disulfide (Pyrite) is considered "fool's gold" because it looks very similar to gold.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intraveinously.
Smiling releases endorphins in the body, which makes people feel better
A dentist from Buffalo New York named Alfred P. Southwick invented the electric chair.
ABBA got their name by taking the first letter from each of their names (Agnetha, Bjorn, Benny, Anni-frid.)
The space between your eyebrows is called the Glabella
Grapes are grown around the world more than any other fruit
The best selling game in history for coin-operated machines is Pac-Man
Google receives more than 200 million search queries a day, more than half of which come from outside the United States. Peak traffic hours to google.com are between 6 a.m. and noon PST, when more than 2,000 search queries are answered a second
There is a Hamburger hall of fame in Seymour, Wisconsin
The Olympic torch weighs about 3 pounds
The famous Christmas song "Jingle Bells" was written for a Thanksgiving program in 1857 by James Pierpont. At the time, the song was called "The One-Horse Open Sleigh."
The average bank teller loses about $250 every year
Initially golf balls were made out of wood. After that they were made out of leather which was stuffed with feathers
Russian I.M. Chisov survived a 21,980 plunge out of a plane with no parachute. He landed on the steep side of a snow-covered mountain with only a fractured pelvis and slight concussion
About 70 percent of Americans who go to college do it just to make more money
The oldest actor to win a Best Actor Oscar is Henry Fonda. He was 76 when he won it
Babies who wear disposable diapers are five times more likely to develop diaper rash than those that wear cotton diapers
The first lighthouse built in the USA was in Boston, MA in 1716
The Snickers chocolate bar was invented in 1930
When Nylons first went on sale in the United States in 1940, four million pairs were sold in only a few days
On average, a man spends about five months of his life shaving
Oprah Winfrey was the first black woman to anchor a newscast in Nashville at WTVF-TV
Ever year, Americans spend close to $25 billion on beer
In 1888, an Egyptian peasant discovered an estimated three hundred thousand mummified cats in Beni Hassan, Egypt. Of the cats that were not stolen once, the find was made public, the remaining mummified cats were shipped to Great Britain to be used as agricultural fertilizer
The smallest stamp in the world was issued in 1863 by the Columbian state of Bolivar and measured 9.5 x 8mm
There are over 1,800 known species of fleas
Ivory soap slogan "99-44/100% Pure" was cleverly invented by Harley Proctor who with the help of chemists determined that Ivory soap was only 56/100 pure. Proctor simply subtracted 56 from 100 and came up with "99-44/100% Pure"
The longest word in the English language is 1909 letters long and it refers to a distinct part of DNA
Polar bears are left-handed
Brain damage will only occur if a fever goes above 107.6 degrees farenheit
It requires 63 feet of wire to make a Slinky toy
A female ferret can die if she goes into heat and cannot find a mate
Casey Kasem is the voice of Shaggy on the cartoon show "Scooby-Doo." Casey Kasem, being a strict vegetarian, also requested that Shaggy follow the same diet on the show
In the U.S., the milk production per dairy cow is approximately 12,000 pounds
In America, 38% of doctors are Indians
There are approximately 100 million acts of sexual intercourse each day
People with allergies can lower allergy reactions by laughing
Some farmers in Japan have learned to grow their watermelons into a square shape. They did this to conserve shelf space
The heaviest United States President was William Howard Taft who weighed 332 pounds
Tasmania is said to have the cleanest air in the world
Studies show that divorced women have more trouble starting new relationships than divorced men
Did you know that there are coffee flavored PEZ?
An individual coral animal is called a polyp
There are dolphins that live in the Amazon River that are the colour pink
Navel oranges got their name because the bottom of this type of orange resembles a belly button or navel
Tohru Iwatani, the inventor of the video game Pac-Man, came up with the idea when he saw a pizza with a slice missing at a dinner party
One tree can filter up to sixty pounds of pollutants from the air each year.
In America, one out of every two marriages ends up in divorce
A chance of a woman having twins is increased after the age of 35. About 1 in 27 women will give birth to twins after this age. After 50 the chances of having twins is 1 in 9
The ant can lift 50 times its own weight, can pull 30 times its own weight, and always falls over on its right side when intoxicated
The Hollywood sign was first erected in 1923. It was first erected as "Hollywoodland."
During his entire life, Vincent Van Gogh sold exactly one painting, Red Vineyard at Arles
The first commercial chewing gum was sold in 1848 by John B. Curtis, who also made the gum. He called the gum "State of Maine Pure Spruce Gum."
Touching and stroking a plant will aid in it growing healthy
Average age of top GM executives in 1994: 49.8 years. Average age ofthe Rolling Stones: 50.6.
Business.com is currently the most expensive domain name sold for $7.5 million
31% of employees skip lunch entirely
Olive oil can help in lowering cholesterol levels and decreasing the risk of heart complications
Ho-Ho-Kus, a small town in New Jersey, is the only town in the United States of America that has two dashes in its name
Romans, in the third century, believed that the lemon was an antidote for all poisons
During the Easter season, 600 million Marshmallow Peeps are bought my Americans. The Marshmallow Peep is the most popular Easter candy besides chocolate
In the Great Fire of London in 1666, only six people were killed
During World War II, the 2nd Polish Corps had a brown bear named Wojtek, who helped move boxes of ammunition during the battle of Monte Cassino
In the United States, every year about 15 people die from dog bites
Sheep can survive for up to two weeks buried in snow drifts.Click Here For More Details
The Crayola colour flesh was changed to peach in 1962 because of the fact that people have many different skin colours
"Kemo Sabe" means "soggy shrub" in Navajo
7 out of 10 people believe in life after death
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted people without killing them would burn their houses down - hence the expression "to get fired."
The largest coral reef in the world is the Great Barrier Reef located in Australia. The reef is approximately 2023 kilometers long
On a bottle of brandy VSOP stand for "Very Special Old Pale."
The word "dexterity", to do with skill is related to the right hand. The opposite of the word "deter" is "sinister", to do with evil, it is related to the left hand
Male sea horses are the ones that get impregnated rather than the females. Males have a pouch on their belly that provides incubation for the female?s eggs and they can have up to 1500 babies at one time
NASA scientists have concluded that the state of California is moving north and will collide with the state of Alaska in roughly 150 million years
The best selling chocolate syrup in the world is Hershey
The word Karate means, "empty hand."
There are some types of chocolates that are actually good for the arteries and heart
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair
The speed at which honey bees fly is at 15 miles per hour
The average life expectancy of an ant is about 90 days
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns
In France, it is illegal for a person to kiss another on railways
The appliance that uses the most use of water in the home is the toilet
The first movie to ever cost $100 million to make is Terminator 2: Judgment Day in 1991
Adolf Hitler wanted to be an architect, but he failed the entrance exam at the architectural school in Vienna
In the first century, people used to drink goats milk to sweeten their breath
The first product that Sony came out with was the rice cooker
In the United States, ice cream is sold the most on a Sunday
Over the course of one year, a coffee tree only produces about 1.5 pounds of coffee
The substance that gives red wine and dark beer its color is said to have a positive effects on cholesterol and blood pressure
Tripolini pasta was named for the Italian conquest of Tripoli in Libya
The six official languages of the United Nations are Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian, and Spanish
In 2002, the most popular boat name in the U.S. was Liberty
One out of 20 people have an extra rib
44% of kids watch television before they go to sleep
In 1865, the U.S. Secret Service was first established for the specific purpose to combat the counterfeiting of money
Istanbul, Turkey is the only city in the world located on two continents
In 1967, the IMAX film system was invented by Canadian Ivan Grame Ferguson to premier at Expo 67.
Approximately 40% of the U.S. paper currency in circulation was counterfeit by the end of the Civil War
Every three days a human stomach gets a new lining
In 1873, Colgate made a toothpaste that was available in a jar
The Kodiak, which is native to Alaska, is the largest bear and can measure up to eight feet and weigh as much as 1,700 pounds
The three best-known western names in China: Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, and Elvis Presley
Mars is the home of Olympus Mons, the largest known volcano in our solar system
The Gastric Flu can cause projectile vomiting
The second best selling game of all time is Jenga. Jenga is a Swahili word, meaning "to build."
Cinderella is known as Rashin Coatie in Scotland, Zezolla in Italy, and Yeh-hsien in China
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
The fur of the binturong, also known as the "Asian Bear Cat," smells like popcorn. The scent is believed to come from a gland located near the tail
In 1894 the first big Coke sign was found on the side of a building located in Cartersville, Georgia, and still exists today
The longest distance a deepwater lobster has been recorded to travel is 225 miles
Orcas (killer whales), when traveling in groups, breathe in unison
The Great Pyramids used to be as white as snow because they were encased in a bright limestone that has worn off over the years
NASCAR stands for National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing
Percentage of American men who say they would marry the same woman if they had it to do all over again: 80%
Paul Hunn holds the record for the loudest burp, which was 118.1 decibels, which is as loud as a chainsaw
A monkey was once tried and convicted for smoking a cigarette in South Bend, Indiana
There are six million parts in the Boeing 747-400.
The first TONKA truck was made in 1947
In the U.S., over one million gallons of cosmetics, drinks, and lotions are sold that contain aloe in them per year
Sugar Bear (the mascot for Golden Crisps cereal) was born in 1963
The Tonle Sap River in Cambodia flows north for almost half the year and then south for the rest of the year
Japanese research has concluded that moderate drinking can boost IQ levels
For more than 3,000 years, Carpenter ants have been used to close wounds in India, Asia and South America
Baskin Robbins plain vanilla ice cream is the number one selling flavour and accounts for a quarter of their sales
Elizabeth Taylor has appeared on the cover of Life magazine more than anyone else
The typical lead pencil can draw a line that is thirty five miles long
The word "toy" comes from an old English word that means "tool."
Smokers are twice as likely to develop lower back pain than non-smokers
Humans are born with 300 bones in their body, however when a person reaches adulthood they only have 206 bones. This occurs because many of them join together to make a single bone
The reason why hair turns gray as we age is because the pigment cells in the hair follicle start to die, which is responsible for producing "melanin" which gives the hair colour
In 1960 there were 16,067 gambling slots in Nevada. By 1999, this number rose to 205,726 slots which would be one slot for every 10 people residing there
It takes the Hubble telescope about 97 minutes to complete an orbit of the Earth. On average, the Hubble uses the equivilent amount of energy as 30 household light bulbs to complete an orbit.
The two factories of the Jelly Belly Candy Company produces approximately 100,000 pounds of jelly beans a day. this amounts to about 1,250,000 jelly beans an hour
Pucks hit by hockey sticks have reached speeds of up to 150 miles per hour
The "naked recreation and travel" industry has grown by 233% in the past decade
The Planters Peanut Company mascot, Mr. Peanut, was created during a contest for schoolchildren in 1916
Most lipstick contains fish scales
The sentence "the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" uses every letter in the english language
The expression cooked "al dente" means "to the tooth." What this means is that the pasta should be somewhat firm, and offer some resistance to the tooth, but should also be tender
Of married couples, 70% of men and 60% of women have cheated on their spouse
No piece of paper can be folded in half more than 7 times
More people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes
The first couple to be shown on a sitcom sleeping in the same bed was "Mary Kay and Johnny."
Asthma affects one in fifteen children under the age of eighteen
A one ounce milk chocolate bar has 6 mg of caffeine
Throughout the South, peanuts were known as "Monkey Nuts," and "Goober peas," before the civil war
Scallops have approximately 100 eyes around the edge of its shell
In 1810, Peter Durand invented the tin can for preserving food
The fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth is called Arachibutyrophobia
Men in their early twenties shave an average of four times a week
Colour is not an indicator for the taste or ripeness in cranberries
Each year there are approximately 20 billion coconuts produced worldwide
A chicken with red earlobes will produce brown eggs, and a chicken with white earlobes will produce white eggs
Not all polar bears hibernate; only pregnant females polar bears do
There is a restaurant in Stockholm that only offers all-garlic products. They even have a garlic cheesecake
Serving ice cream on cherry pie was once illegal in Kansas
Superman The Escape rollercoaster, located in California at Six Flags Magic Mountain, goes from 0 to 100 miles per hour in only 7 seconds
Five thousandths of a millimeter is the tolerance of accuracy at the LEGO mould factories
2.5 cans of Spam are consumed every second in the United States
In 1836, Mexican General Santa Anna held an elaborate state funeral for his amputated leg. updated
A meteor has only destroyed one satellite, which was the European Space Agency's Olympus in 1993.
The Koala bear is not really a bear, but is really related to the kangaroo and the wombat.
One gallon of pure maple syrup weighs 11 pounds
Instead of a Birthday Cake, many Russian children are given a Birthday Pie
The largest employer in the world is the Indian railway system in India, employing over 1.6 million people
The word "comet" comes from the Greek word "kometes" meaning long hair and referring to the tail
The average price for a major league baseball game in 2004 is $19.82
The hydra, which is related to the jellyfish, can grow its body back in a couple of days if it is cut in half
The deepest mine in the world is the East Rand mine, which goes to a depth of about 3,585 metres
Native Indians have been known to paint their doors blue, which they believe keeps the bad spirits out
Before air conditioning was invented, white cotton slipcovers were put on furniture to keep the air cool.
It would take about fourteen and half million notes of currency to build a mile high stack
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne
It costs about 3 cents to make a $1 bill in the United States
Colgate faced a big obstacle marketing toothpaste in Spanish speaking countries. Colgate translates into the command "go hang yourself."
The cross bow was invented by the Chinese and records of its usage goes back to as far as the Three Kingdom Period (220 a.d.-280 a.d.).
It is estimated that by the end of 2000, there has been 142,600 tonnes of gold mined in the world
One-third pound stalk of broccoli contains more vitamin C than 204 apples
The Flintstones cartoon was the first thirty-minute cartoon to be aired during prime time
The abbreviation Xmas for the word Christmas is of Greek origin. Since the word for Christ in the Greek language is Xristos, which starts with the letter "X," they started putting the X in place of Christ and came up with the short form for the word Christmas
Dipsomania refers to an insatiable craving for alcoholic beverages
China has more English speakers than the United States
Pitcher Darold Knowles once pitched all seven games of one World Series
In a day, kids in the U.S. that are between the ages of 2 - 8 spend 28 minutes of their time coloring
The Ancient Greek women made a type of cheek blush by painting their cheeks with herbal pastes which was made out of crushed berries and seeds
Herbert Hoover, who was the 31st president of the United Stated, turned over all the Federal salary checks he received to charity during the 47 years he was in government
Macadamia nuts are not sold in their shells because it takes 300 pounds per square inch of pressure to break the shell
Japan has approximately 200 volcanoes and is home to 10% of the active volcanoes in the world
Before 1928, yo-yos used to be called bandalores in the United States
The only South East Asian country that has never been colonized by a Western Power is Thailand
In 1631, two London bible printers accidentally left the word "not" out of the seventh commandment, which then read, "Thou shalt commit adultery." This legendary book is now known as the "Wicked Bible."
The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar an England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes
Irish Wolfhound dogs have a short lifespan and live about 7-8 years
When Queen Elizabeth I of England died she owned over 3,000 gowns
Female alligators lay about 40 eggs that hatch in 60 - 70 days
The nickname for a Japanese businessmen is "Salarymen."
Emus cannot walk backwards
The external tank on space shuttles is not painted. It is the only part of the shuttle that is lost after launch, so it is not necessary to worry about metal corrosion.
The most popular Twizzler candy flavour is strawberry
Thirty percent of all bingo players are under the age of 35
Infants spend more time dreaming than adults do
The famous Casanova (Giacomo Casanova) was a librarian for many years before he died
The only species of turtle that lives in the open ocean is the sea turtle
Toronto was the first city in the world with a computerized traffic signal system
Seniors who drink a cup of coffee before a memory test score higher than those who drink a cup of decaffeinated coffee
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise
Some octopuses have been known to eat their arms off when they are exposed to stressful situations
On average, 749 pounds of paper products is used by an American individual annually
The skeleton of a spider is located on the outside of the body. The name for this is exoskelton
Incas used to create pots in the shape of peanuts that were highly prized
The letter J does not appear anywhere on the periodic table of the elements
Over 200 varieties of watermelons are grown in the U.S
The most dangerous job in the United States is that of a fisherman, followed by logging and then an airline pilot
The words "abstemioius," and "facetious" both have all the five vowels in them in order
French soldiers during World War I had the nickname "poilu" which translates to "hairy one."
Former U.S. President William Taft converted the White House stable into a four car garage in 1909
People living on the east coast prefer creamy peanut butter, while people living on the west coast prefer chunky peanut butter
Some snails live on branches in trees
Tomato ketchup is a good conditioner for the hair. It also helps get the greenish tinge that some blonde haired people get after swimming in water with chlorine in it
The youngest pope was 11 years old
Did you know you share your birthday with at least 9 other million people in the world
Soldiers disease is a term for morphine addiction. The Civil War produced over 400,000 morphine addicts
The longest chapter in the Bible is Psalm 119, which is 176 verses
During the First World War, cigarettes were handed out to soldiers along with their rations
The longest freshwater shoreline in the world is located in the state of Michigan
There are bananas called "Red banana" that are maroon to dark purple when ripe
Franklin Pierce was the first U.S. President to have a Christmas tree in the White House
The USA bought Alaska from Russia for 2 cents an acre
Walt Disney had originally suggested using the name Mortimer Mouse instead of Mickey Mouse
The length of brink of the Canadian "Horseshoe" Falls located in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada is 2600 feet
The smile is the most frequently used facial expression. A smile can use anywhere from a pair of 5 to 53 facial muscles
The right lung of a human is larger than the left one. This is because of the space and placement of the heart
Native Americans used to use pumpkin seeds for medicine
The pound key (#) on the keyboard is called an octothorpe
The chemical name for caffeine is 1,3,7-trimethylzantihine
Corals take a long time to grow. Some corals only grow one centimeter in one year
Walmart-mart sells more apparel a year than all the other competing department stores combined
Canada has more inland waters and lakes than any other country in the world
Ramses II, a pharaoh of Egypt died in 1225 B.C. At the time of his death, he had fathered 96 sons and 60 daughters
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want
Since its introduction in February 1935, more than two hundred million Monopoly board games have been sold worldwide
Women are twice as likely to be diagnosed with depression than men in the United States
The smallest man ever was Gul Mohammed (1957-1997) of India, who measured 1 feet, 10? inches
500,000 tons of dog excrement are dumped annually on the streets of Paris
Hydrogen gas is the least dense substance in the world, at 0.08988g/cc
In Belgium, there is a museum just for strawberries
The Simpsons is the longest running prime-time animated series on television history
The more a person struggles to get out of quicksand the faster they will sink. Staying still, and being calm will actually make the body float in the quicksand because the body is less dense than the quicksand is
On average, a Canadian girl owns seven Barbie dolls, whereas an American girl owns eight
A piece of French toast that was partially eaten by Justin Timberlake sold on eBay
The Olympic was the sister ship of the Titanic, and she provided twenty-five years of service
Atari had to bury millions of unsold "E.T." game cartridges in a New Mexico desert landfill in 1982
The biggest disco ball in the world has a diameter of 2.41 meters and 137.89 kilograms. It also has 6,900 mirror squares on it
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses
An average city dog lives approximately three years longer than an average country dog
On average, falling asleep while driving results in 550 accidents per day in the United States
Scatologists are experts who study feces. (aka. crap, dung, dookie, dumps, feces, excrement, etc.)
Pumpkins contain potassium and vitamin A
The greatest mountain range is the Mid-Ocean Ridge, extending 64,374 km from the Arctic Ocean to the Atlantic Ocean
Pepsi got its name from the ingredient pepsin, which is said to aid in digestion, however, it is not known
The spray WD-40 got its name because there were forty attempts needed before the creation of the "water displacing" substance
Contrary to popular beliefs, chocolate does not cause acne
Detroit, Michigan has more registered bowlers than any other city in the USA
The fastest moving land snake is the Black Mamba, which can move up to 7 miles per hour
Annually Americans eat 45 million turkeys at Thanksgiving
Rabbits can live up to ten years
The average life span of a single red blood cell is 120 days
Over 250 million Slinky toys have been sold since its debut in 1946
In 1961, Italian artist Piero Manzoni packed his feces in cans, signed and mounted them, and then sold them as art
The last thing Elvis Presley ate before he died was four scoops of ice cream and 6 chocolate chip cookies
Some Chinese chopsticks contain gold as on of their materials
The chances of making two holes-in-one in a round of golf are one in 67 million
The watch was invented by Peter Henlein of Nuremberg in 1510.
In North America there are approximately 618 roller coasters
The concept of Boxing Day, which is on December 26th, was to give boxes of food and clothing to the poor. It is now viewed in some countries as a time to get merchandise from stores at reduced prices
Crayola is a French word that means "Oily chalk."
Every year, Burger King restaurants prepare over 950,000 pounds of bacon for their breakfast customers
Isaac Newton used to be a member of parliament
Dumbest Dog: Afghan hound
At just four years old Mozart was able to learn a piece of music in half an hour
It would take twenty new mid-size cars to generate the same amount of pollution that a mid-size 1960's car did.
The honey badger can withstand hundreds of bee stings that would otherwise kill another animal
There are 500,000 detectable earthquakes in the world each year
Black pepper is the most popular spice in the world
In Greece, the climate is so warm that many of the cinemas do not even have roofs
The word "moose" comes from the native Algonquian Indian word meaning "twig eater."
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill
An armadillo can walk under water
There are over one hundred billion galaxies with each galaxy having billions of stars
The Uape Indians, who live in the Amazon, mix the ashes of their recently cremated relatives with alcohol, then all members of the family drink the mix with fond memories of the deceased
The word "diamond" comes from the Greek word "adamas," which means "unconquerable."
On average, a typical dairy cow lies down and stands up about 14 times a day
For the movie "Tootsie" actor Dustin Hoffman thought of the title. His mother used to call him that as a child
The world record for rocking non-stop in a rocking chair is 480 hours held by Dennis Easterling, of Atlanta, Georgia
The Sears Tower consists of nine framed tubes, which connects nine skyscrapers as one building
The first subway system in America was built in Boston, Massachusetts in 1897
There are approximately 45 billion fat cells in an average adult
To make one pound of butter, 29 cups of milk are needed
The dot that appears over the letter "i" is called a tittle
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments
Close to 73% of girls in Bangladesh are married by age 18
Nerve impulses for muscle position travel at a speed of up to 390 feet per second
In the summer of 1858, the smell of the sewage in the Thames River in London was so bad that the Members of Parliament had to leave from the chamber of the House of Commons. This was a result of two million people dumping all their sewage into the river
One out of five people that eat ice cream binge on ice cream in the middle of the night. The person is usually between 18 - 24 years old
The Basenji dog is the only dog that is not able to bark
There is a dog museum in St. Louis, Missouri
The tip of a bullwhip moves so fast that it breaks the sound barrier. The crack of the whip is actually a tiny sonic boom.
There is a city called Smackover located in Arkansas
An average person laughs about 15 times a day
The labels for Crayola crayons come in 18 different colors
The temperature of milk when it leaves the body of a cow is 101 degrees Fahrenheit. The milk is then quickly chilled and stored at a temperature of 40 degrees Fahrenheit
In Spain, it is common to pour chocolate milk or cafe au lait on cereal for breakfast
Over 50% of the wedding in the U.S. occur in the afternoon
Before the fur trade had started in Canada, it was estimated that there were over 6 million beavers
Eating dandelions can make you urinate more
Enough paper is recycled in the USA every day, that a 15 mile long train of boxcars could be filled up with paper.
The palms of your hands and the soles of your feet cannot tan, or grow hair
At the White House, president John Adams was said to be the first to display fireworks there
About 10% of the 100,000 thunderstorms that occur in the USA every year are classified as severe.
Sylvia Plath was a famous poet who killed herself at age thirty-one by sticking her head into a gas oven
A baseball will go farther in hot temperature than in cold temperature
A rabbit is not able to vomit
The aorta, which is largest artery located in the body, is about the diameter of a garden hose
Niagara Falls actually stopped flowing back in 1848 for about 20 hours because there was ice that was blocking the Niagara River
The world's first underground was the London Underground in1863. It has 275 stations and 253 miles of track.
The first American president to deliver a speech over the radio was Warren G. Harding
There are more than 40 million Americans that have "chronic halitosis," which is bad breath that never goes away
The human body makes anywhere from 1 to 3 pints of saliva every 24 hours
Cheetahs are the fastest land animal and can reach speeds up to 72mph
The purpose of tonsils is to destroy foreign substances that are swallowed or breathed in
The country with the highest consumption of candy at 29.5 pounds annually per person is Denmark
One of the most dangerous insect in the world is the common housefly. They carry and transmit more diseases than any other animal in the world
Every day, over 1,300 babies are born prematurely in the USA
The sun is approximately 149 million kilometres from the earth
The Great White Shark can grow to be more than twenty feet long and can weigh approximately 4,000 pounds
In 1832, in Paisley, Scotland the first municipal water filtration works was opened
The only popcorn museum in the world is lcoated in Marion, Ohio, USA
Any animal that has skin hair or fur can get dandruff, but in animals it is called "dander."
The average ice berg weighs 20,000,000 tons
In 1819, the USA purchased Florida from Spain for the cancellation of a $5 million debt
In a lifetime, the average driver will honk 15,250 times
Jewelers Tiffany & Co., based in New York, are responsible for making the Super Bowl trophy
Skippy Peanut Butter is sold more in the world than any other peanut butter
The highest bridge in the world is located in the Himalyan mountains. It was built by the Indian Army, in 1982, and is about 5,600 metres above sea level
In 1893, the first mosque in the United States was built
Apples are part of the rose family
Every eleven minutes in the U.S., a woman dies of breast cancer
Mr. Butts invented the game SCRABBLE. The game was originally called "Criss Cross Words."
Actress Meryl Streep holds the record for the most Oscar nominated actress, with a record of 13 nominations
In a year approximately 900 million trees are cut down to make the raw materials needed for American pulp mills and paper
Enamel is hardest substance in the human body
A leech has 32 brains
Thomas Edison designed a helicopter that would work with gunpowder. It ended up blowing up and also blew up his factory.
In the late 1800's, washing machines and butter churners were sometimes powered by dogs walking on treadmills.
In China, people eat a bar of chocolate for every 1,000 chocolate bars eaten by the British
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors
Clarence Crane the inventor of "Crane's Peppermint Life Savers" sold his rights to the popular candy for less than three thousand dollars.
Namco, who are the manufacturers of Pac Man the video game, has estimated that the original arcade game has been played over 10 billion times by individuals
In Ivrea, Italy, thousands of citizens celebrate the beginning of Lent by throwing oranges at one another
The sloth moves so slowly that green algae grows in the grooves of their hair
In the world, the United States and France have the most pet dogs. Approximately one out of every three families has a pet dog. Switzerland and Germany are the lowest only having one dog per every ten families
There are 50% more males that are left handed compared to females
Armadillos breed in July, but get pregnant in November after delaying implantation. This allows the young to be born during the spring when there is an abundance of food
Carbon monoxide can kill a person in less than 15 minutes
The Nobel Peace prize was first awarded in 1901 to Jean Henry Dunant, who was the founder of the Swiss Red Cross
In August 1999, Lori Lynn Lomeli set a record by spinning 82 Hula Hoops at the same time for three full revolutions
The wheelbarrow was invented by the Chinese.
The colour blue has a calming effect. It causes the brain to release calming hormones
Over 20 million BluBlocker sunglasses have been sold since its debut in 1986. They now come in over 100 different styles
Crabs have very small hairs on their claws and other parts of their body to help detect water currents and vibrations
In 1962, the first Wal-Mart opened up in Rogers, Arkansas
Duracell, the battery-maker, built parts of its new international headquarters using materials from its own waste
Vampire bat saliva has been responsible for many advances in research into stroke recovery
During the making of the the movie "Fight Club," actor Brad Pitt chipped his tooth. However, he did not get his tooth capped until after the movie was done filming as he thought it would look better chipped for his character
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted peoplewithout killing them used to burn their houses down - hence theexpression "toget fired."
In ancient Rome, it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose
The word "checkmate" in chess comes from the Persian phrase "Shah-Mat," which means the king is dead
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee
A common drink for Tibetans is Butter Tea which is made out of butter, salt, and brick tea
Bourbon was first made by a Baptist minsister from Bourbon County in Kentucky in 1789. That is where it got its name
The Pentagon, in Arlington, Virginia, has twice as many bathrooms as is necessary. When it was built in the 1940s, the state of Virginia still had segregation laws requiring separate toilet facilities for blacks and whites
McDonald restaurants serve food and drink to an amazing 43 million customers on a daily basis
The game Monopoly was once very popular in Cuba; however, Fidel Castro ordered that all games be destroyed
Nearly half of all Americans suffer from symptoms of burnout
During the era of Louis XIV, women used lemons to redden their lips
70% of the poor people in the world are female
The thickness of the Arctic ice sheet is on average 10 feet. There are some areas that are thick as 65 feet
The adult human body requires about 88 pounds of oxygen daily
The biggest pumpkin the world weighs 1,337.6 pounds
The highest consumption of Pizza occurs during Super Bowl week
During World War II, condoms were used to cover rifle barrels from being damaged by salt water as the soldiers swam to shore
Approximately 55% of movies released are Rated R
The Roman emperor Domitian took great pleasure in being secluded in his room for hours and catching flies and stabbing them with pens
Tarantulas can live up to 30 years
On average redheads have 90,000 hairs. People with black hair have about 110,000 hairs
More than half the time spent in United States courts is cases that involve automobiles
One barrel of petroleum holds 42 gallons
The smoke that is produced by a fire kills more people than a burn does because of carbon monoxide and other dangerous gases
The Saguaro Cactus, found in South-western United States does not grow branches until it is 75 years old.
In Belgium, 172,000 tons of chocolate are produced in a year
The word Nike comes from Greek Mythology. Nike is the goddess of victory and was often depicted as a small winged figure whom the goddess Athene carried
The biggest bug in the world is the Goliath Beetle which can weigh up to 3.5 ounces and be 4.5 inches long
Leaving the water running while brushing your teeth can waste four gallons of water in a minute
Steve Fletcher holds the record for the largest gum wrapper collection. His collection has 5300 gum wrappers from all across the world
There was once a country called Prussia. After World War II, it was divided among Poland, Germany, and the USSR
The word Spain means "the land of rabbits."
In 1936, the first practical helicopter was invented. It was the German Focke-Wulf Fw 61.
The word tulip comes from the Turkish word for turban
Psychokinesis refers to the ability of moving objects through psychic power
The fat that comes from sheep, which is called tallow, can also be used to produce soap and candles
In Britain, one out of every four potatoes is eaten in the form of french fries
In the movie Psycho by Alfred Hitchcock, chocolate syrup was used for blood in the shower scene
The movie "Chicken Run" made in 2,000 had the most plasticine used in an animated movie. They used 2,380 kg of plasticine for the movie
During WWII, because a lot of players were called to duty, the Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia Eagles combined to become The Steagles
The titan arum flower is the largest flower in the world and gives off a horrible odor that smells like rotting flesh when it blooms
Every day, the average person swallows about a quart of snot
When the only queen ant dies, so does the entire colony, because no new workers are born
The Dutch people are known to be the tallest people in Europe
The average American kid will eat approximately 1.500 peanut butter sandwiches by high school graduation
Goats do not have upper front teeth
It has been suggested that shepherds are responsible for inventing the game golf. It is said that they used to use their staffs to hit the stones
There are about 6,800 languages in the world
Studies have shown that by putting on slow background music it can make a person eat food at a slower rate
By walking an extra 20 minutes every day, an average person will burn off seven pounds of body fat in an year
Ironically, when doctors in Los Angeles, California went on strike in 1976, the daily number of deaths in the city dropped 18%
Octopus and squid are thought to be the most intelligent of all invertebrates
On average, a beaver can cut down two hundred trees a year.
The name of the first menthol cigarette in the United States was "Spud."
A world record 328 pound ovarian cyst was removed from a woman in Galveston, Texas, in 1905. updated
The fastest shark is the "Shortfin Mako," which can swim as fast as sixty miles per hour
The flatulation from domesticated cows produce about 30% of the methane on this planet
Ironically, watermelons, which are 92% water, originated from the Kalahari Desert in Africa
The first tattoo machine was invented by Samuel O'Reilly. He did this by using equipment that Thomas Edison used to engrave hard surfaces.
In a lifetime, an average human produces 10,000 gallons of saliva
A slug has four noses
Chili Powder was invented in the 19th century in the American Southwest
The sea cucumber spills its internal organs out as a defense mechanism
Approximately 25,000 workers died during the building of the Panama Canal and approximately 20,000 of them contracted malaria and yellow fever
Braces were first invented by Pierre Fauchard in 1728. The braces were made by a flat strip of metal, which was connected to the teeth by thread.
Marilyn Monroe had six toes
There is a town in Texas called Ding Dong. In 1990, the population was only twenty-two people
The total volume of mail that went through the Canadian postal system in 1950 was 1,362,310,155 items
The highest toll paid by a ship to cross the Panama Canal was by the Crown Princess on May 2, 1993 in the amount of $141,349.97 U.S. funds
The name of the famous snack "Twinkies" was invented by seeing a billboard in St. Louis, that said "Twinkle Toe Shoes."
The word "Nazi" is actually an abbreviation for Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei, which refers to the National Socialist German Workers Party
The unique characteristics of Barbie dolls in Japan are that they have their lips closed with no teeth showing
The Coca Cola company offers more than 300 different beverages
Neptune was the first planet in our solar system to be discovered by mathematics
Five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married
Camel is considered unclean meat in the Bible
Soldier Field is the oldest field in the NFL
In the U.S., over one million gallons of cosmetics, drinks, and lotions are sold that contain aloe in them per year
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the"General Purpose" vehicle, G.P.
Eating eight strawberries will provide you with more Vitamin C than an orange
The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It To Beaver".
Mosquitoes have teeth
To be born on Sunday was considered a sign of great sin during the Puritan times
The citrus soda "7 UP" was created in 1929. The original name of the popular drink was "Bib-Label Lithiated Lemon-Lime Soda", but it got changed to "7 UP."
The average four year-old child asks over four hundred questions a day
Prosopagnosia refers to the inability to identify people by their faces. In severe cased prosopagnosia a person may not be able to identify themselves in a mirror
On November 29, 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an "Honorary Harlem Globetrotter."
An adult sheep can eat between 1 to 4 kg of food per day
In 1888, Hollywood was founded by Harvey and Daeida Wilcox, who named the city after their summer home in Chicago
Blood is such a good stain that Native Americans used it for paint
In 1876, the first microphone was invented by Emile Berliner.
"I am." is the second shortest complete sentence in the English language
On average, a person will spend about five years eating during their lifetime
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history. Spades - King David, Clubs - Alexander the Great, Hearts - Charlemagne, Diamonds - Julius Caesar
Many cancer patients that are treated with chemotherapy lose their hair. For some when the hair grows back, it can grow back a different colour, or be curly or straight
A volcano has enough power to shoot ash as high as 50 km into the atmosphere
The longest hiccups on record was by an American pig farmer whose hiccups persisted from 1922 to 1987
Coupons were introduced in 1894 when Asa Candler bought the Coca-Cola formula for $2,300 and gave people coupons that he had written out to receive a free glass of coke
Panthers are known as black leopards, as they are the same species of leopard. If looked at closely, black spots can be seen on a panther
Approximately 25% of all scald burns to children are from hot tap water and is associated with more deaths than with any other liquid
In London, during rush hour traffic moves on average at 13 kilometres an hour
Tomatoes and cucumbers are fruits
In the United States, approximately 50 million people fish per year
Cattle can produce up to 180 litres of saliva in one day
Dolphins hear by having sound waves transmit through their skull to their inner ear region
Teflon was accidently discovered by scientist Dr. Roy Plunkett while he was conducting a coolant gas experiment in 1938
The risk of cardiovascular disease is twice as high in women that snore regularly compared to women who do not snore. updated
Close to 80% of people who watch the Super Bowl on television, only do so to view the commercials
The first theatre to show motion pictures was the Nickelodeon on June 19, 1905 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It was opened by Harry Davis on Smithfield Street
The White House has a movie theater, swimming pool, bowling lane, jogging track, and a tennis court
About two hundred years before the birth of Christ, the Druids used mistletoe to celebrate that winter was approaching
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, dogs only have about ten
A butterfly can see the colors red, green, and yellow
In the game of Monopoly, the most landed on properties are B&O Railroad, Illinois Avenue, and "Go."
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the "American Pie." (Thus the nameof the Don McLean song.)
Lions cannot roar until they reach the age of two.
A baby kangaroo is called a joey
Montreal is the second largest French speaking city after Paris
There were 43,687 toilet related accidents in the United States in 1996
In Albania, nodding your head means "no" and shaking your head means "yes."
Ringo Starr appeared in a Japanese advertisement for apple sauce. Ironically his name means "apple sauce" in Japanese
The average US worker toils for two hours and 47 minutes of each working day just to pay income tax. Indeed, the average American pays more in taxes than for food, clothing and shelter put together
There is cyanide in apple pips
True spiders always have organs for spinning silk known as spinnerets
Great Britain has the highest consumption of ice cream than any other European nation
Every continent has a city called Rome
The movie "Cleopatra" cost $44 million to make in 1963. The same movie would now cost $300 million to make taking inflation into account
A species of dolphin is born naturally blind in the Indus and Ganges rivers in South Asia. These dolphins have a highly sophisticated sonar system and swim on only one side of their body
Kermit the Frog was named after Kermit Scott, a childhood friend of creator Jim Henson, who became a professor of philosophy at Purdue University
Weatherman Willard Scott was the first Ronald McDonald
Aztec emperor Montezuma had a nephew, Cuitlahac, whose name meant "plenty of excrement."
Hang On Sloopy is the official rock song of Ohio.
Actor Sylvester Stallone once had a job as a lion cage cleaner
Play-Doh was introduced in 1956 by Hasbro Inc. The only color availabe was an off white, and it came in one size which a one and a half pound can
The USSR launched the world's first artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, in 1957.
An oyster can change its gender
From all the states, Montana has the most different species of animals
The actual smallest sovereign entity in the world is the Sovereign Military Order of Malta (S.M.O.M.). It is located in the city of Rome, Italy, has an area of two tennis courts, and as of 2001 has a population of 80, 20 less people than the Vatican. It is a sovereign entity under international law, just as the Vatican is
Queen Elizabeth I always wore a necklace with a little perfume bottle attached everywhere she went
A group of people that are hired to clap at a performance are called a claque
The tallest tree recorded is located in Humboldt Redwoods State Park, California. It is a coast redwood and has been measured at 117 metres high
In 1926, a waiter in Budapest committed suicide. He left his suicide note in the form of a crossword and the police had to get help from the public to solve it
Anti-American demonstrators protesting in Bangladesh after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks carried posters of Osama bin Laden sitting alongside Bert, a beloved Sesame Street Muppet character
Polar bear livers contain so much Vitamin A that it can be fatal if eaten by a human
Leather skin does not have any smell. The leather smell that you sense is actually derived from the materials used in the tanning process
Finland is also known as "the land of of the thousand lakes," because of the over 188,000 lakes found in this country
In an year, an average American kid eats 46 slices of pizza
In Las Vegas, casinos do not have any clocks
Bubble gum contains rubber
When Kleenex was first introduced to the market in 1924, it was marketed as a make up or cold cream remover
In the year 1900, for a women to be a telephone operator she had to be between the ages of 17 and 26 and not be married
The first spacecraft to visit the planet Venus was Mariner 2 in 1962.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure
Babies that are exposed to cats and dogs in their first year of life have a lower chance of developing allergies when they grow older
Urophobia is the fear of urine or urinating
In 1949, forecasting the relentless march of science, Popular Mechanics said "Computers in the future may weigh no more than 1.5 tons."
Water that is safe to drink is referred to as POTABLE
Actor John Ritter was the voice of Clifford, from "Clifford The Big Red Dog."
Chocolate accounts for less than two percent of the fat in the American diet
The band Duran Duran got their name from an astronaut in the 1968 Jane Fonda movie "Barbarella."
The accent that Mike Myers used for the character Shrek came from the accent that his mother would use when she was telling him bedtime stories when he was a child
In the Netherlands, there are special traffic lanes for bicycles. There are approximately 17,000 kms of cycle lanes with special bicycle traffic lights.
It was believed by Ancient Hindus that the world was a sphere and rested on the back of four elephants, which stood on a turtle
Alexander the Great and Julius Caesar were both epileptic
Every year, more than one million miles of Twizzlers licorice is made
A penguin swims at a speed of approximately 15 miles per hour
The word Thailand means "land of the free."
A rose imprint that was fossilized in a slate was discovered in Florisant, Colorado, which is said to be thirty-five million years old
U.S. bills are 2.61 inches wide, 6.14 inches long, and are .0043 inches thick and weigh 1 gram
The highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere is Mount Aconcagua in Argentina. It rises 22,834 feet above sea level
The Barn Owls hearing is so highly developed that they can hunt for their prey in total darkness
The average number of bridesmaids at a wedding is four
Average number of people airborne over the US any given hour: 61,000
In 1876, Maria Spelterina was the first woman to ever cross Niagara Falls on a high wire
On April 6, 1925, the first in-flight movie was shown. It was a silent film and appeared on a Deutsche Luft Hansa flight
The temperature of lightning bolts is sometimes hotter than the surface of the sun.
When Burger King introduced the Whopper Sandwich in 1957, it cost only thirty-seven cents
Chopsticks originated from China approximately 4,000 years ago
The favorite honeymoon place is Hawaii
The 1960 Summer Olympics were the first Olympics to be aired on television by CBS
The Canadian holiday Boxing Day got its name from the custom of giving. Servants were given boxes which had money hidden inside them from their employers. The servants would have to break the box into pieces to get the money
In proportion, if Jupiter were a basketball, then the sun would be the size of the Louisiana Super Dome
The Toronto Maple Leafs used to be called the Toronto Arenas, then the St. Patricks and finally the Maple Leafs
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge
Next to Warsaw, Chicago has the largest Polish population in the world
In 1391, China began producing toliet paper for use by its Emperors
In the United States, the most frequent month for a tornado to occur is in May.
There are some ice creams that are 75% air
In the United States, lightning hits the ground 40 million times a year.
A mother hen turns her egg approximately 50 times in a day. This is so the yolk does not stick to the shell
The reason why flamingos are pink is because they eat shrimp which have a red pigment
Totally Hair Barbie is the best selling Barbie of all time. It sold over ten million units
Jellyfish have been on Earth for over 650 million years. This is before sharks and dinosaurs
Although white wine can be produced from both red and white grapes, red wine can only be created from red grapes
Shirley Temple was considered to play the role of Dorothy in "The Wizard of Oz."
Babies that wear disposable diapers are five times more likely to get a diaper rash than babies wearing a cotton diaper
One million cloud droplets are needed to make enough water to produce one raindrop.
In the world, the Netherlands has the highest concentration of museums in the world. Just in Amsterdam alone there are 42 museums
Amongst pre-schoolers, Caillou is the fastest-ever-growing television show and is seen in close to 97% of U.S. households
Rice flour was used to strengthen some of the bricks that make up the Great Wall of China
Research has indicated that a tie that is on too tight can increase the risk of glaucoma in men
Each year all of the Hostess bakeries combined bake 500 million Twinkies a year. (A twinkie is a sponge cake with a creamy filling.)
Charlie Chaplin once lost a contest for a Charlie Chaplin look a like
Pluto is the only planet in our solar system that has not been visited by a spacecraft
The worlds tallest free fall rollercoaster is The Giant Drop located in Australia. The drops is 120 meters which is equivalent to a 39 storey building
Stalks of sugar cane can reach up to 30 feet
The markings that are found on dice are called "pips."
Joseph Gayetty is credited for inventing toilet paper in 1857. Unfortunately, his invention failed and did not catch on until ten years later
A newly hatched fish is called a "fry."
The music band UB40 got its name from an unemployment form in England
The Olympic Flame was introduced in 1928 in Amsterdam
The YKK on the zipper of your Levis stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushibibaisha, the worlds largest zipper manufacturer
Armadillos can be housebroken
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one-mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies
The material to build the Taj Mahal was brought in from various parts of India by a fleet of 1000 elephants
Medical research has found substances in mistletoe that can slow down tumor growth
In the USA, 32% of employees eat lunch and work at the same time
In Alabama, it is against the law to wear a fake mustache that could cause laughter in the church
In the United States, more than 4.2 million couples live together that are not married
Bill Gates house was partially designed using a Macintosh computer. new
The male howler monkey of Central and South America is the noisiest land animal, which can be heard clearly from a distance of ten miles away
Nerve cells can travel as fast as 120 metres per second
It is said that grapefruit got its name because it grows like grapes in clusters. One cluster can have up to 25 grapefruits
Abdul Kassam Ismael, Grand Vizier of Persia in the tenth century, carried his library with him wherever he went. Four hundred camels carried the 117,000 volumes
An average adult produces about half a litre of flatulent gas per day, resulting in an average of about fourteen occurrences of flatulence a day
Maine is the toothpick capital of the world
Peanut butter is an effective way to to remove chewing gum from hair or clothes
The longest kiss on record lasted 30 hours and 45 minutes. Dror Orpaz and Carmit Tsubara recorded it on April 5, 1999 at a kissing contest held in Tel Aviv, Israel
Polar bears are excellent swimmers. They have been known to swim more than 60 miles without a rest
The most expensive perfume in the world is Parfum VI, which was made by Arthur Burnham. A 4 inch bottle which is covered with diamonds and 24-carat gold costs $71,380
If Wal-Mart was classified as a country, it would be the 24th most productive country in the world
Cimeti?re du P?re Lachaise located in Paris is the most visited cemetery in the world. The cemetery opened in 1805 and has over one million people buried there, including rock star Jim Morrison
In Australia, a dust-devil is called a "willy-willy
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is 58.36 metres above the ground
Americans write approximately 50 billion checks a year making it the second most frequent payment method used after cash
The name "Snickers" for the popular candy bar was named after a horse that the Mars family owned
The #1 peanut producing state is Georgia
Keeping Warm With an Axe, is the title of a real how-to book. Click Here For More Details
An artificial Christmas tree last up to six years in a home
Women are four times more likely to have foot problems than men
In 1783, the hot air balloon was invented in France.
There was an army general during the Liberia Civil War who used to lead his army into battle naked. His nickname was "General Butt Naked." Joshua Milton Blahyi (his real name) is now an evangelical preacher in Monrovia
There are no two zebras who have stripes that are exactly the same
The Angel Falls in Venezuela were named after an American pilot, Jimmy Angel, whose plane got stuck on top of the mountain while searching for gold
Lake Ontario was originally named Lake St. Louis
Actor John Travolta was offered the role of Billy Flynn many times for the movie "Chicago." Richard Gere ended up playing the role
The Canadian province of New Brunswick had a bloodless war with the US state of Maine in 1839
There are more than 2,400 flea species in the world
Ninety-nine percent of pumpkins sold in the United States are for the sole purpose of decoration
David McConnell started the California Perfume Company (CPC) in 1886. Today the company is known as Avon, which he named after his favorite playwright William Shakespeare, and Stratford on Avon
Americans did not commonly use forks until after the Civil War
Chicago has the largest cookie factory, where Nabisco made over 4.6 billion "Oreo" cookies in 1997
In 1963, Mister Rogers was ordained as a Presbyterian minister
There was a post office on the Russian space station Mir. Visiting cosmonauts would use unique postal "markers" to stamp envelopes and other items as having flown aboard the Mir space station
In one day, 230 marriage licenses are issued in Las Vegas
Every second there are 418 Kit Kat fingers eaten in the world
The Great Comet of 1843 had a tail that was over 300 kilometres long.
The dumbest dog in the world is the Afghan Hounds
There are no blossoms on the branches of a fig tree, instead it is inside the fruit
The largest chicken egg ever laid weighed a pound and had a double yolk and shell
Billiards used to be so popular at one time that cigarette cards were issued featuring players
Chewing gum has rubber as an ingredient
An orca whale can hold its breath for up to 15 minutes
Alexander the Great was an epileptic
Wood frogs can be frozen solid and then thawed, and continue living. They use the glucose in their body to protect their vital organs while they are in a frozen state
Canadians eat more Kraft Dinner (Macaroni and Cheese) per capita than any other country in the world
In a day, a mature oak tree can draw approximately 50 gallons of water
The reason why bubble gum is pink is because the inventor only had pink colouring left. Ever since then, the colour of bubble gum has been predominantly pink
Emilio Marco Palma was the first person born in Antarctica in 1978
A top freestyle swimmer achieves a speed of only 4 miles per hour. Fish, in contrast, have been clocked at 68 mph
Every single hamster in the United States today comes from a single litter captured in Syria in 1930
Research on pigs led to the development of CAT scans.
The Hundred Years War lasted for 116 years
Some dolphins can swim up to 40 kilometers an hour
In the last 30 years, only seven people have been killed by a polar bear in Canada
The longest U.S. highway is Route 20, which is over 3,365 miles
The largest LEGO castle that was ever built was built with 400,000 LEGO bricks and was 4.45 m x 5.22 m
In the U.S. there are approximately 65.8 million cats
One of the steepest main streets in Canada is located in Saint John, New Brunswick. Over a distance of two blocks the street rises about 80 feet
Avery Laser Labels are named after company founder R. Stanton Avery
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado
On September 9, 1950 dubbed laughter was used for the first time on television. It was used for the sitcom "The Hank McCune Show."
A violin actually contains 70 separate pieces of wood
The human heart can create enough pressure that it could squirt blood at a distance of thirty feet
One out of four American households own a cat
Queen Lydia Liliuokalani was the last reigning monarch of the Hawaiian Islands. She was also the only Queen the United States ever had
Every day 2,700 people die of heart disease
There are 10 million bacteria at the place where you rest your hands at a desk
The quills of a porcupine are soft when they are born
An average American child watches approximately 28 hours of television in one week
Quality standards for pasta were set in the 13th century by the Pope
The A.A. Milne character of Winnie the Pooh made his animated film debut in 1966 in Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree
People have the tendency to chew the food on the side that they most often use their hand
Antarctica is the only land on our planet that is not owned by any country
The Pentagon, in Arlington, Virginia, has twice as many bathrooms as isnecessary. When it was built in the 1940s, the ste of Virginia stillhad segregation laws requiring separate toilet facilities for blacks andwhites.
The Lemon shark grows about 24,000 new teeth a year. A new set of teeth grow approximately every 14 days
One billion seconds is about 32 years
An average American eats approximately 60 hot dogs per year
Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation
The water displacement product, WD-40, can be found in 80% of American homes
Dexter is the smallest type of cow. This cow was bred to be a small size for household living
As part of the original design, the names of 72 French scientists and other famous people is imprinted on the sides of the Eiffel tower
The first domain name ever registered was Symbolics.com
Thirty to 40 gallons of sugar maple sap must be boiled down to make just one gallon of maple syrup
The most frequent season for most suicides to occur is in the spring. The winter months have the lowest number of suicides
A seven year old boy was the first person to survive the Horeshoe Falls (Niagara Falls) in just a life jacket
The longest punt return for a touchdown was 103 yards
The most popular Hot Wheels vehicle sold is the Corvette
A giraffe is able to clean its ears with its own tongue
The slowest growing finger nail is on the thumb nail and the fastest growing is the finger nail on the middle finger
Flu shots only work about 70% of the time
People of Salt Lake City eat the most lime-flavoured gelatin Jell-O in the United States
In a survey conducted in 2000 by Kimberly-Clark, it was found that men prefer to fold their toilet paper, and women like to wad it
On average, a person has two million sweat glands
France, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Greece, and Australia have always been in the modern Olympics since it began in 1896
The longer white infants from low-income families are breast-fed, the less likely they will be overweight as young children, researchers said on Monday
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
The Boston University Bridge (on Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts) is one of the few places in the world where a boat can sail under a train driving under a car driving under an airplane
The most popular treat for Halloween trick-or-treaters are candy bars with Snickers being the most popular
Corned beef got its name because this beef was preserved with pellets of salt that were the size of corn kernels, which was also referred to as "corns" of salt
The Canandian province of New Brunswick had a bloodless war with the US state of Maine in 1839.
In 1908, the first machine to make lollipops opened for business in New Haven, Connecticut
In 1976, a Los Angeles secretary named Jannene Swift officially married a fifty pound rock. More than twenty people witnessed the ceremony
The most diners per capita in the world are located in the U.S. state New Jersey
In Denmark, people eat about 36 pounds of candy a year. The highest consumption of candy of any country
John Van Wormer invented paper milk cartons after dropping a bottle of milk one morning. The bottle broke spilling the milk everywhere. That annoyance was enough for Van Wormer to come up with the idea.
The long fibres that are found in bananas are excellent in making paper. The long fibres that are found in the banana plant can make the banana fibre paper approximately 3000 times stronger than regular paper
The state of Tennessee was known as Franklin before 1796
Over 90% of poison exposures occur in homes
Honolulu, Hawaii boasts the only royal palace in the United States of America
Seven asteroids were especially named for the Challenger astronauts who were killed in the 1986 failed launch of the space shuttle
Americans consumed more than twenty billion hot dogs in 2000
The production of toilet paper in China began in 1391, which was used for the Emperors
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days of yorewhen the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on theground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
It would take approximately twenty-four trees that are on average six to eight inches in diameter to produce one ton of newsprint for the Sunday edition of the New York Times
Every year, kids in North America spend close to half a billion dollars on chewing gum
The tuatara lizard of New Zealand has three eyes, two in the center of its head and one on the top of its head
The world population of chickens is about equal to the number of people
The largest number of children born to one woman, who was a Russian peasant is 69
In a lifetime, an average driver will release approximately 912 pints of wind inside a car
The loss of eyelashes is referred to as madarosis
Approximately 75% of human poop is made of water
The popular chocolate bar "Three Musketeers" got its name because when it was first introduced in 1932 there were three individual bars. The flavours were strawberry, chocolate, and vanilla
Every photograph of the first American atomic bomb detonation was taken by Harold Edgerton
Heinz Catsup leaving the bottle travels at 25 miles per year
In 1864, A Quebec farmer found a frog inside a hailstone
Actor Sylvester Stallone once had a job as a lion cage cleaner
The first time there was an instance where they had a separate toilet for women and men was in 1739 at a ball in Paris
In the marriage ceremony of the Ancient Inca Indians of Peru, the couple was considered officially wed when they took off their sandals and handed them to each other
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable
Some birds have been know to put ants into their feathers because the ants squirt formic acid, which kills parasites
On average, 42,000 balls are used and 650 matches are played at the annual Wimbledon tennis tournament
The WD in WD-40 stands for Water Displacer
Lachanophobia is the fear of vegetables
Lake Baikal, in Siberia, is the deepest lake in the world
In the Middle Ages, peacocks and swans were sometimes served at Christmas dinners
India has the most post offices in the world
Women take three times longer than men when using the toilet
In America, approximately 25% of kids aged 6-14 have a magaznie subscription
Canada has more donut shops per capita than the United States
In 1886, Coca-cola was first served at a pharmacy in Atlanta, Georgia for only five cents a glass. A pharmacist named John Pemberton created the formula for Coca-cola
75% of all raisins eaten by people in the United States are eaten at breakfast
Whale oil was used in some car transmissions until 1973
Flamingos are able to fly at a speed of approximately 55 kilometers an hour. In one night they can travel about 600 km
1 out of every 4 kids in the USA is overweight
"Kemo Sabe" means "soggy shrub" in Navajo
In 1903, there were originally only eight Crayola crayons in a box and they sold for five cents
Men are able to read fine print better than women can
On average, 150 couples get married in Las Vegas each day
Spiders usually have eight eyes, but still they cannot see that well
One ragweed plant can release as many as a million grains of pollen in one day
Women hearts beat faster than men
The Central African raffia palm is known to have the longest leaves. The leaves can measure up to 82.5 feet long.
Due to the shortages of lead and metals during World War II, toothpaste was packaged in plastic tubes and have been ever since
It is estimated that 93% of American children will go out trick or treating for Halloween
In humans, the epidermal layer of skin, which consists of many layers of skin regenerates every 27 days
A group of crows is called a murder
Ellen Macarthur, yachtswoman, had a total of 891 naps in 94 days that were each 36 minutes long while on her Vendee Round the Globe yacht race
Davao City, located at the Southern state of Philippines, is the largest city in the world in terms of area
Castaways Travel, a Houston-area travel agency, offers an all-nude flight to Cancun Mexico. Once the plane reaches cruising altitude, you are allowed to take off all your clothes and roam about the cabin
People generally read 25% slower from a computer screen compared to paper
Certain female species of spiders such as the Australian crab spider, sacrifice their bodies as a food source for their offspring
One grape vine produce can produce about 20 to 30 glasses of wine
The TV show "Saturday Night Live" made its debut on October 11, 1975
In a pack of Skittles candy, there is an equal 20% distribution of each flavour
The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude. They were named by then-mayor Fiorello LaGuardia
The Hubble telescope is so powerful that it is like pointing a beam of light at a dime that is two hundred miles away.
The word "umbrella" is derived from the Latin root word "umbra", which means shade or shadow
An ear of corn consists of 80% water
Leonardo Da Vinci never signed or dated his most famous painting, the Mona Lisa
On average people fear spiders more than they do death
Every day, over five billion gallons of water are flushed down toilets in the United States
In one trip, a honey bee visits about 75 flowers
Barney, the famous dinosaur that entertains kids is from Dallas
Jupiter is the fastest rotating planet, which can complete one revolution in less than ten hours
A chicken loses its feathers when it becomes stressed
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously
The first Tupperware item marketed was the seven-ounce bathroom cup in 1945
Sharks are immune to cancer
Manicuring the nails has been done by people for more than 4,000 years
Approximately 1 billion stamps are produced in Australia annually
The study of the iris of the eye is called iridology
Back in 1919, the Russian transplant pioneer Serge Voronoff made headlines by grafting monkey testicles onto human males.
The word Cotton originates from the Arabic word "Qutun."
In 1946, the New York Yankees became the first baseball team to travel by plane
Mummy powder was once thought to be a cure for all remedies. English men used to carry the powder with them in a tiny bag wherever they went
By recycling just one glass bottle, the amount of energy that is being saved is enough to light a 100 watt bulb for four hours
Slinkys were invented by an airplane mechanic; he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use of one of the springs
The most popular brand of raisins is Sunmaid
Estuarine crocodiles are the biggest of all 26 species of the crocodilian family
Alaska got its name from the Aluet word "Alyeska" which means "The Great Land."
The Mall of America, located in Bloomington, Minnesota is so big that it can hold 24,336 school buses
Every second, 630 steel cans are recycled
The word witch comes from the word "wicca" which translates to the "wise one."
If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have$1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without beingable tomake change for a dollar.
In the United States, poisoning is the fourth leading cause of death among children
Surveys indicate that the number one reason people play BINGO is for leisure
In 1916, Charlie Chaplin was making $10,000 a week, making him the highest paid actor of his time
Annually, an Australian eats 15 kg of bananas, which comes out to 27 meters of bananas
The largest stamp was issued by China and measured 210 x 65 mm
Nazi leader Adolf Hitler had only one testicle
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days when the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases
The best selling Crayola crayon box is the set of 24 crayons
People that smoke have 10 times as many wrinkles as a person that does not smoke
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark. (Hence, the light bulb?)
The name of the character that is behind bars in the Monopoly board game is Jake the Jailbird
In Colorado, there are about 83,000 dairy cows
Just by recycling one aluminum can, enough energy would be saved to have a TV run for three hours.
The first telephone call from the White House was from Rutherford Hayes to Alexander Graham Bell
Turtles can breathe through their butts
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
A glockenspiel is a musical instrument that is like a xylophone. It has a series of metal bars and is played with two hammers
Teenage suicide is the second cause of death in the state of Wisconsin
Diamonds were first discovered in the riverbeds of the Golconda region of India over 4,000 years ago.
French artist, Michel Vienkot, uses cow dung as paint when he creates his pictures
Canada is an Indian word meaning "village" or "settlement."
There are 122 pebbles per square inch on a Spalding basketball
The seventeenth president of the United States, Andrew Johnson did not know how to read until he was 17 years old
The fastest growing tissue in the human body is hair
Bhutan issued a stamp in 1973 that looked like a record and actually would play the Bhutanese national anthem if placed on a record player
Asparagus comes in three colors: green, white and purple
Only two people signed the Declaration of Independence on July 4th, JohnHancock and Charles Thomson. Most of the rest signed on August 2, butthe last signature wasn't added until 5 years later.
A cubic yard of air weighs about 2 pounds at sea level.
Pancakes are served for breakfast, lunch and dinner in Australia
A lion feeds once every three to four days
A honey bee has four wings
Chedder cheese is the best selling cheese in the USA
In the movie "The Matrix Reloaded" a 17 minute battle scene cost over $40 million to produce
According to research, Los Angeles highways are so congested that the average commuter sits in traffic for 82 hours a year
Over one million Pet Rocks were sold in 1975, makine Gary Dahl, of Los Gatos, California, a millionaire. He got the idea while joking with friends about his pet that was easy to take care of, which was a rock
First novel ever written on a typewriter: Tom Sawyer
Because metal was scarce; the Oscars given out during World War II were made of plaster
The head of a jellyfish is called the "Bell."
The game Monopoly has been played by approximately 500 million people in the world, and the game is available in 26 languages
The dragonfly has not changed over the last 300 million years
In 1983, a Japanese artist, Tadahiko Ogawa, made a copy of the Mona Lisa completely out of ordinary toast
Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear: 7
Cotton crops can be sprayed up to 40 times a year making it the most chemical-intensive crop in the world
The "Star Spangled Banner" did not become a national anthem until 1931. It was designated by an Act of Congress
Every year in the U.S., there are 178,000 new cases of lung cancer
On average, the American household consumes six pounds of peanut butter annually
A housefly can only ingest liquid material. They regurgitate their food to liquify the food that they are going to eat
Bugs Bunny was originally called "Happy Rabbit."
In 1685, New France used playing cards as currency because of the shortage of coins
Sharks have upper and lower eyelids, but they do not blink
The size of a red blood cell is 708 microns. This is equivalent to one millionth of a meter
In 1657, the first chocolate house was opened in London, England. The cost of chocolate was about 13 shillings per pound and was a drink that only the elite enjoyed
In the movie "Gandhi" 300,000 extras appeared in the funeral scene. Of the 300,000, approximately 100,000 received a small fee, and the other 200,000 did it for free
O.J. Simpson had a severe case of rickets and wore leg braces when he was a child
The majority of cats do not have any eyelashes
Reindeer like to eat bananas
A barnacle has the largest penis of any other animal in relation to its size
The hottest chili in the world is the Tezpur chili pepper
Over half the textile fibers that are used in the world are cotton
You can send a postcard from Hell. There is a small town located in the Cayman Islands called "Hell." They even have a post office
The property (ID, Facts) VALUES on the Monopoly game board are the same today as they were in 1935
The song "Happy Birthday" brings in about $2 million in licensing revenue to Warner Communications who hold the copyright to the song
In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world'snuclear weapons combined.
Ed Cox from San Francisco invented the pot scrubbing S.O.S. pads in 1917. His wife came up with the name, which stands for "Save Our Saucepans."
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
Another word for hiccups is "singultus."
Better wine can be produced by the soil being of poor quality. This is because the vines have to "work" harder
A white tiger can only be born when both parents carry the gene for white colouring
Lipogram refers to writing that does not have certain letter or letters
In October 1986, Pepsi paid close to $840 million to Nabisco for the Kentucky Fried Chicken empire
Edinburgh has more booksellers per head of population than any other city in Britain
The most common rock on Earth is basalt
The papaya tree is known as "the medicinal tree" in some cultures because it?s seeds and leaves have been used as ingredients in different medicines
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear
In one gram of soil, about ten million bacteria live in it
When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone back in 1876, only six phones were sold in the first month.
Americans eat approximately 20 pounds of pasta per person each year
Dolphins sleep with one eye open
Minnows have teeth located on a bone in their throat
The 20th president of the United States James Garfield could write Greek with one hand and Latin with the other at the same time
Japan uses the most energy per year than any other country.
Over 436,000 U.S. Troops were exposed to depleted uranium during the first Gulf war
Approximately two gallons of water are used to brush your teeth
Two-thirds of Canadians live in Quebec and Ontario
The first television show to show any portion of a toilet was on "Leave it to Beaver." After fighting for ten weeks to show the toilet, CBS would only allow the producers to show the toilet tank, and not the whole toilet
Texas is the only state that is allowed to fly its flag at the same height as the U.S. flag
German immigrant, Louis Prang was the first to bring Christmas cards to America
In total, Americans eat more than 45 billion sandwiches each year, while sales of custom-made sandwiches are rising 15 percent per year
Ninety percent of the population has an innie belly button
The fear of Halloween is called Samhainophobia
In France, the Big Dipper is called the "casserole."
The first African-American to receive a Nobel Peace Prize was Ralph J. Bunche in 1950
Dolphins can swim and sleep at the same time
Of all the golfers in Canada, 71.4% golfers are male, 28.6% are female
Research indicates that babies who suck on pacifiers are more prone to ear aches
In 1917, Margaret Sanger was jailed for one month for establishing the first birth control clinic
Iguanas can recognize their human handlers and greet them differently, compared with strangers
Being lactose intolerant can cause chronic flatulence
Some of the titles that were considered for the hit T.V. show "Friends" were Six Of One, Across the Hall, and Insomnia Cafe
The only bone fully grown at birth is located in the ear
The incidents of immune system diseases has increased over 200% in the last five years
"dous":tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous
Bananas contain a natural chemical which can make a person happy. This same chemical is found in Prozac
The only desert in Canada is located in Osoyoos, British Columbia
The city of Seoul has been the capital city of Korea for more than 600 years
Romans used to believe that walnuts could cure head ailments during the Renaissance, since their shape was similar to that of a brain
There are coffee flavored PEZ
Half of the 42 U.S. Presidents are of Irish descent
The General Lee cars used in the popular show The Dukes of Hazards were 1969 Dodge Chargers
The word "limelight" that is used in theatre to refer to the performers on the stage originated because before electricity was available lime was burned in a lamp, which created a white light that was directed at the performers
Many hamsters only blink one eye at a time
In Kentucky, it is illegal to carry ice cream in your back pocket
In 1988, the largest ice cream sundae in history was made. It was made in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, and weighed in at over 24 tons
Sports Illustrated has the largest sports magazine circulation
There are some hospitals in Shanghai that have issued a rule that a nurse must wear lipstick while on duty
Thirteen percent of the human population reside in deserts
There are more chickens than people in the world
In 1958, the Crayola crayon color "Prussian Blue" was changed to "Midnight Blue" by the request of teachers as kids could not relate to Prussian history
Americans on average use about 580 pounds of paper per year per person
Wild turkeys can run at speeds of up to 25 miles per hour
Annually, fires that occur at home kill more Americans than all natural disasters combined
The only sound Seahorses make is a small clicking or popping sound during feeding or courtship
The Baltimore Orioles opened the 1988 baseball season by losing the first 21 games and 107 altogether for the entire season
Border collies are the most intelligent breed of dog
Tug of War was an Olympic event between 1900 and 1920
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar
Coca-Cola used to contain cocaine when it was initially introduced
All the Krispy Kreme donut stores collectively could make a doughnut stack as high as the Empire State Building in only 2 minutes
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, (the same stuff in pepcid AC) thus the name
The first letter Vanna White ever turned on the game show Wheel of Fortune was the letter "T."
Harley Proctor got the idea to name the soap "Ivory" while he was listening to a bible reading at a church in 1879
The average American drinks 400 glasses of milk in a year
Canada beat Denmark 47-0 at the 1949 world hockey championships. new
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
Each Jelly Belly jelly belly bean has 4 calories
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched."
Only 55 percent of all Americans know that the sun is a star
Kissing can aid in reducing tooth decay. This is because the extra saliva helps in keeping the mouth clean
There is a place called Hell, Michigan. It is about 50 miles from Detroit, Michigan
In 1929, the Coca-Cola slogan was "The Pause That Refreshes."
Bamboo plants can grow up to 36 inches in a day.
Since the United Nations was founded in 1945, there have been 140 wars
Goat meat contains up to 45 percent less saturated fat than chicken meat
Chef Boyardee is actually a real person. His real name is Hector Boiardi and he was born in northern Italy in 1898
Bill Bowerman, the co-founder of the shoe company Nike, got his first shoe idea after staring at a waffle iron. This gave him the idea of using squared spikes to make the shoes lighter
In 1989, the space shuttle Discovery carried 32 fertilized chicken eggs into orbit
The most recycled product in the world is the automobile.
Before the 17th century, carrots used to be the colour purple
William Taft who was the U.S. president between 1909-1913 once got stuck in the White House bathtub
If all the Oreo cookies ever sold were stacked on top of one another, they would be as high as 13.3 million Sears Towers
Ancient Egyptians kissed with their noses instead of with their lips
Krispy Kreme make five million doughnut a day
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross
There were no red colored M&Ms from 1976 to 1987
In 1681, the last dodo bird died
There are over 600 different pasta shapes
Some people start to sneeze if they are exposed to sunlight or have a light shined into their eye
In 1989, twenty-three people were hired in Jacksonville Florida just to flush toilets so the pipes would not freeze
Lake Baikal is the oldest freshwater lake on Earth, having formed between 20 and 25 million years ago
From 1939 to 1942, there was a undersea post office in the Bahamas
An owl has three eyelids
Instead of a birthday cake, many children in Russia are given a birthday pie
Atlantic salmon can jump as high as 4.5 meters out of the water
Although the outsides of a bone are hard, they are generally light and soft inside. They are about 75% water
Each nostril of a human being register smell in a different way. Smells that are made from the right nostril are more pleasant than the left. However, smells can be detected more accurately when made by the left nostril
Children who are breast fed tend to have an IQ seven points higher than children who are not
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king fromhistory. Spades - King David; Clubs - Alexander the Great; Hearts -Charlemagne;and Diamonds - Julius Caesar.
There are no ants in Iceland, Antarctica and Greenland
In the United States, approximately 135 million cars travel every day on the streets, roads, and interstates.
A salmon with two mouths, two sets of teeth and two tongues was caught by Bob Bateman of Canada
There is a "cemetery town" in California named Colma. Concerns about the public health, crime, and the need for space forced the city of San Francisco to outlaw burials in 1902. The city of Colma, which is five miles south of San Francisco, was established to bury the dead. The ratio of dead to living people is 750 to 1
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors
In Belgium, there is a museum that is just for strawberries
The most reproduced image in the world is Mickey Mouse, which can be found on over 7,500 different items
On average a person passes gas 14 times a day
Vasaloppet, which is located in Sweden is the oldest, longest, and the biggest cross-country ski race in the world. Every year, 14,000 people compete in the race
The clown fish has the ability to change its sex. If a breeding female dies, the male fish will change its sex and mate with another male
Bats sleep during the day and feed at night. The place that bats sleep in is called the "roost."
The puma and the leopard are the highest jumping mammals. They are able to reach a height of 16.5 feet
The chances of getting a cavity is higher if candy is eaten slowly throughout the day compared to eating it all at once and then brushing your teeth
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building
On average, a car driver will swear or blashpheme 32,025 times in their lifetime while driving
The average ear grows 0.01 inches in length every year
The first penny candy to be wrapped in America was the Tootsie Roll in 1896
Buckingham Palace has over six hundred rooms
Male owls weigh less and are smaller than female owls
Hypnotism is banned by public schools in San Diego
The city of Las Vegas has the most hotel rooms in the world
Cows drink anywhere from 25-50 gallons of water each day
In the United Kingdom, three million people play bingo every year
Humans are the only primates that don't have pigment in the palms oftheir hands.
Every square inch of the human body has about 19,000,000 skin cells
In 1994, 7-Eleven coined the term "brain freeze." The word was developed to explain the feeling people get when drinking a Slurpee.
A swordfish can live as long as 25 years and weigh up to 1,200 pounds
Due to eating habits in the USA, one in three children born in the year 2000 have a chance of getting type II diabetes
The world's termites outweigh the world's humans 10 to 1.
Each honeycomb in Honeycomb cereal has seven holes
The Nile river is 6,690 kilometers long
By law, information collected in a U.S. census must remain confidential for seventy-two years
Eighty percent of 10 year old girls in the USA go on a diet
97% of all paper money in the US contains traces of cocaine
The name "Grey Poupon" used for mustard comes from two people: Maurice Grey and Auguste Poupon. Grey was the inventor of a machine that mass produced fine textured mustard, and Poupon was an already established maker of mustard. In 1886 the Grey-Poupon firm was formed
The Faberge, "Winter Egg" was sold in 1994 for $5.6 million. This is the most expensive decorative egg that has ever been sold
The name "Tonka" trucks was named after Lake Minnetonka located in Minnesota. Tonka means "great" in Sioux
18% of an Americans income is spent on transportation
Feb 1865 and Feb 1999 are the only months in recorded history not to have a full moon
Turkeys have a wingspan of approximately 4.5 feet
The first music video ever played on MTV Europe was by Dire Straits, "Money For Nothing."
Arnold Palmer was the first player to win $1 million on the PGA Tour
Three years after a person quits smoking, there chance of having a heart attack is the same as someone who has never smoked before
In a year, the average Americans eats approximately 18 pounds of Turkey
The household wrench was invented by boxing heavyweight champion Jack Johnson in 1922
Squids move through the ocean using a jet of water forced out of the body by a siphon
Back in 1796, dimes were called dismes
Pilgrims did not eat with forks. They only used spoons, knives and their fingers
The average human has about 20 square feet of skin weighing about 6 pounds
Mass murderer Charles Manson recorded an album titled "Lie."
On average, each American consumes approximately two hundred and sixty pounds of meat in a year
The term "The Big Apple" was coined by touring jazz musicians of the 1930s who used the slang expression "apple" for any town or city. Therefore, to play New York City is to play the big time - The Big Apple
An apple, potato, and onion all taste the same if you eat them with your nose plugged. They all taste sweet
The United States has paved enough roads to circle the Earth over 150 times.
Decaffeinated coffee is not 100% caffeine free. When coffee is being decaffeinated, 2% of the caffeine still remains in it
Sales of antacids increase by as much as 20% the day after the Superbowl
Automobile building is the largest manufacturing industry in the world.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes
Polar bears can eat as much as ten percent of their body weight in less than one hour
Marlboro was the first cigarette company to market a cigarette that had a red filter called "beauty tip." This was done to hide the lipstick marks left on the filter from women smokers
In Japan, the number four is considered to be unlucky because the Japanese word for four sounds very similar to the word death
The life expectancy of a $100 bill is nine years
The words moron, imbecile, and idiot are not interchangable. The one with the highest level of intelligence is a moron, followed, by an imbecile, and then idiot
Anise is the scent on the artificial rabbit that is used in greyhound races
The first known American novelist to hand in a manuscript that was typed was Mark Twain. His typewriter was a Remington No.1, which was invented by Christopher Sholes and Carlos Glidden.
The city of Nottingham in England was the first city to have Braille signs (signs for the blind) in its shopping malls for the blind
The only woman that has appeared on a U.S. paper currency is Martha Washington
The name of the Taco Bell dog is Gidget
Each year approximately half of billions dollars is spent on bubble gum by the kids in North America
Hair and fingernails are made from the same substance, keratin
The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night
The number one cause of blindness in adults in the United States is diabetes
India has a Bill of Rights for cows
A drink used to be made by the Aztecs for the gods which had the ingredients of ground cocoa mixed in with spices and corn
In America, the most common mental illness is Anxiety Disorders
The stage were the television sitcom "Friends" is shot on is said to be haunted
Gases that build up in your large intestine cause flatulence. It usually takes about 30 to 45 minutes for these gases to pass through your system
The largest earthworm on record was found in South Africa and measured 22 feet
Whooping cranes are born with blue eyes that change to bright gold by the time they six months old
Belize is the only country in the world with a jaguar preserve
Tomatos were once referred to as "love apples." This is because their was a superstition that people would fall in love by eating them
The American Kestrel hawk weighs only four ounces
A 27 year old heir to a sausage empire was handed a ticket for 116,000 pounds for driving at 80 km/hr in a 40 km/hr zone. This is because the speeding tickets in Finland are based on how much money a person makes
In China, pancakes are generally served as side dishes. They are stuffed with meat, bean sprouts, and other vegetables
93% of all greeting cards are purchased by women
Paper money is not made from wood pulp but from cotton. This means that it will not disintegrate as fast if it is put in the laundry
The most deadly fires that occur in the home happen between 6pm and 10pm
There are over 200 parts in a typical telephone
There is an automobile model called Stutz Bearcat.
If you were standing on Mercury, the Sun would appear 2.5 times larger than it appears from Earth
The water inside of a coconut is identical to human blood plasma. Many lives in third world countries have been saved from coconut water fed through an IV
The least likely day to eat out in the United States is Monday
Little Miss Muffet was a girl from the 16th century whose name was really Patience
In 1978, the World Water Speed record was made by Ken Warby from Australia. His average speed was 317.6 mph, and his jet-powered hydroplane was 27 feet long called "Spirit of Australia." Warby built the boat himself in his back yard
Americans collectively eat one hundred pounds of chocolate every second
People who studies laughter are called a "gelotologists."
Adolf Hitler was one of the people that was responsible in the creation of the Volkswagen Beetle. He came up with the idea of producing a car that was cheap enough for the average German working man to afford.
Chameleons can move their eyes independently. One eye can be looking forward and one eye backward at the same time
Bruce Lee was so fast, that they actually had to slow a film down so you could see his moves. That is the opposite of the norm
Over 90% of diseases are caused or complicated by stress
In 1953, racecar driver Tim Flock raced at Nascar with a monkey in the seat beside him
Taipan snakes have 50 times more toxic than a cobra snake
Influenza caused over twenty-one million deaths in 1918
English sailors were referred to as "limeys" because sailors added lime juice to their diet to combat scurvy
Ukrainian people celebrate Christmas on January 7th, which is the Orthodox Christmas Day
Gorillas are considered apes, not monkeys. The way to distinguish between an ape and a monkey is that apes do not have tails
Early Romans used to use porcupine quills as toothpicks
The longest human beard on record is 17.5 feet, held by Hans N. Langseth who was born in Norway in 1846
Honey is used sometimes for antifreeze mixtures and in the center of golf balls
The size of a raindrop is around 0.5 mm - 2.5 mm, and they fall from the sky on average 21 feet per second.
In the United States, the first cookbook was published in 1796 and it contained a recipes for watermelon rind pickles
The word "walkman" was included in the Oxford English Dictionary in 1986
A headache and inflammatory pain can be reduced by eating 20 tart cherries
There is an area located off the south-eastern Atlantic coast of the United States called the "Bermuda Triangle." It is known for a high rate of unexplained losses of ships, small boats, and aircraft, which has led some people to believe that this triangle has supernatural powers
State with the highest percentage of people who walk to work: Alaska
Some toothpastes and deodorants contain the same chemicals found in antifreeze
The Shroud of Turin is the single most studied artifact in human history
Smartest dogs: 1) Scottish border collie; 2) Poodle; 3) Golden retriever
The sperm count of an average American male compared to thirty years ago is down thirty percent
Humpback whales are capable of living up to 95 years
The 1912, a wrestling match in Stockholm between Finn Alfred Asikainen and Russian Martin Klein lasted more than 11 hours. Klein eventually won, but was to tired to participate in the championship match
Manitoulin Island is the largest island in a fresh water lake. It is located in Canadian Lake Superior
Cost of raising a medium-size dog to the age of eleven: $6,400
The Chinese politician Mao Zedong refused to ever brush his teeth and instead just washed his mouth with tea
The Super Bowl is broadcast to over 182 countries in the world
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour
In 1884, Dr. Hervey D. Thatcher invented the milk bottle.
Some Ribbon worm will eat themselves if they cannot find food. This type of worm can still survive after eating up to 95% of its body weight
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is "uncopyrightable."
Singer Chaka Khan came out with a line of chocolates called "Chakalates."
In a day 34,000 children die every day from causes that are related to poverty and hunger
